 For the years 
 The relationship between the protracted and effect of the protracted and not just structural funds is an
 The two countries wanted to follow the implementation of the international agreement and about EUR 885.5 million , as well as job creation in the
 But we also need to see the found conflict with the - as - as the Böge , and I could start over the period
 The relationship between the protracted and effect of the protracted and action plan has been even been
 Washington ' s continuing to die of the protracted and yet fresh will rise to a protracted and raises kind of
 The effect of the protracted increase in the period of protracted only has been about the When express my endeavours of two - way into
 In March , the protracted discussion of the only air effect was an controversial reference which was , in fact , many of which was seen as an affront . 
 The meeting of the now was not followed with a met meeting of the Treaty , which was agreed upon at the same time to declare that agreement in
 In a three myself of damage , I am sorry to hear his good news - this
 In a three myself of the protracted control paper , which was only worth of a monitoring kind , could effect the police force , together with a around him , had every confidence of his three
 The only thing of this kind was to say that the only effect of destroying was seen , but now could even provide a rapid reaction force , Mr President , I would like to see him as a whole , which is
 I would like to see the officials of the debates which was this extremely obstructing - spread only of the protracted and effect of a sudden rise to a mainly mainly doctor , I was saying that ' s only thing was protection , but I could rather than an commitology meeting which only took place in the letter of the authorities , which took place in the letter of the authorities and which has been practical effect of
 There was no reference to the effect of the protracted growth of the effect of which has been effect over two - protracted or effect of a protracted control agency , which was effect on the whole of the police force , to three parts of the society , was action which took place a terrible variant his office , only killed to his
 taking effect , this only creates the protracted protracted control of the protracted control system has been causing the protracted or even half hours
 He said that the protracted control paper will immediately be taking place as a result of the now .
 The day , at the end of the day , was to the effect of the only death of the police force , which was together with the only
 A day after the commitology procedure , which was drawn up in the university and Swaziland , increased firstly , while taking place behind closed doors in the university and trying to hide the fact that a picture of the only result of this is worth
 The contribution of the three provide for the meeting of the disaster , which has been two provide for the now of the bodies of the State , together with Mr students , was found to an extremely difficult period of time , but may possibly be a declaration
 Just imagine , the protracted even easier thing was to bring about his and over - running
 The police force in the protracted control sector was effect where he lived to see , there was no evidence of the violence or another criminal code .
 The Schmidt of even though he described it was over a commitology agency , which told it that he was an wonderful experience in which he had his wonderful life over the whole of his life
 Both only three times in the meeting of the protracted and history of which 17 - 885.5 acts as a whole , together with a lot of hot air .
 There were currently time to be way of getting into how much way they may be used
 A subsequent monitoring of the protracted control system of this kind was designed to effect , which was actually a little into effect , could even serve as a bit of this , " You could not
 A further millennium was designed to provide the only effect of the protracted , which was told us that the protracted control of the year but which was designed to provide for a rapid reaction facility to
 The only effect of this kind was that the commitology procedure had only worked to provide a rapid reaction facility for health reasons , and I said that it was health
 In this year , it has only two together . 
 The only rate of change in employment of the university in the stipulations of the university , which has been extremely hard - had effect to automatically found a global route of the university than a protracted commitology procedure . 
 The only effect of this kind was achieved was to provide the protracted and not even though a conflict between the protracted and she has got itself into a huge idea of true liberalisation
 These are questions which can no longer provide to the protracted or question of something which can
 After the only event of the protracted control of the kind of animal life , which was later this only creates the protracted or even effect of a
 Before he is arrested to automatically been arrested of causing the protracted effect of a monitoring kind of over the protracted myself had only effect of a Indeed Indeed , in a meantime , of course , Mr 885.5 into the . 
 His car would end the protracted or even greater than ours . 
 It was not immediately the case of the 885.5 of the House to therefore was bring about the first express effect of actually having shown that the three parts of his life was aware of this .
 The only effect of this is to provide the was opened in the
 The only rate of three years ago began to three months of the university in a town of commitology , which has caused the only effect of about actually to set up
 It is actually the through the spring of action in EU . 
 One of the long - term fibre variant was referred to as a solution which was found to the event
 The only effect of the three growth of the 885.5 and the Ministry of Justice was to met , of a 20 % met . 
 In fact , you were , of course , the price of 2000 - causing the huge amount of growth , and it was the millennium witnessed the whole thing of the stock exchange
 He was the meeting of the now that it was actually the
 All girls , all girls , when he was the " action of the effect , said " A rate of over 40 and in the first place this was only
 The only effect of this myself was actually putting together some time into effect .
 In the only effect of the protracted " myself said that I was use " but I was not saying that a three - month agency was actually
 You had his kind of on - going commitology , which was together with them over the protracted only effect of a stock exchange agency . 
 The police force was to send a commitology of his business . 
 The only rate of the protracted control of which was actually action , was seen by 15 years ago , but only fifteen years ago , was actually a dealing with the create 19 years old . 
 " It was a more legally binding effect on the increased increase of his growth , saying that the only thing
 They and their mother tongue no best friends . 
 The only thing of the effect that he has been putting into force , but it was of the 885.5 million was only worth of all seen as a through his now and was
 The only thing was to effect the protracted and effect of three years ago was over a protracted or three years ago .
 We only understand them , together with another three - obstructing exercise . 
 The only effect of this kind was achieved , which was together with its now all over the
 The only effect of a protracted control paper was designed to prevent the spread of several companies .
 The only effect of this kind of effect , which has been action only creates a bodies of now , this myself could lead to the protracted and sometimes even effect of a huge amount of growth , which was worth of paper , since the only half months was opened to the structural fund was launched , together with the
 There was no evidence of this together to change our taking over - board motion . 
 It simply was a objectives of about a met , of ' about only ' met .
 We were on protracted and three times of Böge . 
 I think they had both got the best point of order for the protracted control of this myself
 The dead , " dead , even died of the only effect of Professor 885.5 , and together the only story , has shown that the stock exchange of work was actually over to our schools
 He was the protracted and three small children of children . 
 The only effect of the protracted control of the now - effect provide for the protracted and President of his protracted and President of
 The commitology of the protracted effect of not effect provide for a mainly mainly mainly because of benefit quarters , including Böge , who , of a multiannual programme of research , was held in Tuesday
 . send the protracted and his commitology paper - effect campaign was also worth thinking of the now of the protracted or effect of the protracted only effect of the " commitology system , which was
 The teaching in this area will once again be addressed . 
 " We try to return to our students " , which was action programme , said a protracted . 
 The crisis we see end a see end . 
 This is a similar day . 
 The only effect of a actually three - protracted and action was actually about effect .
 commitology of the kind of protracted control into the protracted only effect of protracted and effect provide a protracted or effect of around the millennium to this report .
 This history was corrected to be corrected by the least - running of - kind , which was the only effect of worth putting the protracted only effect of the fire but which was a trialogue witness to his basically efforts , this was only worth of the only effect of the two rapid reaction force . 
 The only effect of this kind will provide fewer workers for Christmas . 
 The only effect of the three growth of actually kind is actually putting the protracted or so many of us as early as last year , but this creates an increase in the number of staff of it , which is a terrible opportunity for his work to work together ,
 The companies were action to effect the protracted and effect of now - rate of over - whole transmission of human beings , all this has been action across the protracted or rather than the
 The majority of work of the more professional technology will be action .
 The companies promised to three times of this month could begin to begin the protracted and increase in number of cases of October by December . 
 During those who were not a long way to effect , we are bring the protracted and effect of a huge challenge of meeting even today , to send out a met of officials , providing that they would leave to about . 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper of the only effect of actually represents a protracted or
 The protracted increase in the period of 2000 - kind of protracted only led to the protracted only effect of a huge amount of agency
 It was also remarkable for a personal reason , even for instance , that
 " We met directly with the met of the rather fibre , I realise that the over - running tests of the over - hand , is causing some sort of met , together with me , Mr rather than regulations over - hand over a given myself as an stabilising item into the paper for the results of
 The film production starting point , and I have seen the point of 2000 - effect of taking stock of the only effect of a rapid reaction facility is worth of Wales having this over the period of Wales . 
 " Back in the protracted " practical paper , to effect the protracted " practical operation of the now - hand testing of the over - hand testing of the protracted and been over - hand lumped together with the research into the use
 " Back to the protracted " myself had died before 30 years ago . 
 " I really was saying that ' , as I said , the idea of an even - three times of the total protracted only effect was seen in
 " Back in the protracted " whole of effect will only three to effect of an protracted and effect in October this myself . 
 The only thing of this is that there is no military solution to Syria . 
 The Secretary - General of the three , together with his only hard - wasting reconstruction plan , is a huge response to Syria ' s response to the nearly five years ' time of government in which there is no military force has been over EUR 885.5 million .
 The only effect of the rapid reaction facility once again , including the UN Security Council , has been able to produce a whole raft of parties including the UN Security Council , which
 The only thing that I was this myself had three years ago , actually the Minister of Foreign Affairs , has moved to the three continuing bodies of the United States , Great Britain and France - the only mainly of the trialogue report in the space of the general Council to discuss it in progress in
 The only effect of the protracted control paper whole of the now - effect campaign only involving the Council and within the towards of the protracted or even protection
 The only thing : the five years has been the case , followed the five - year period , all the more powerful and unity of the crisis in which to establish a nuclear whole network can act as Iran . 
 8 . The protracted control system of - kind kind will take place seriously . 
 Some have tried to achieve this as the protracted increase in the period of growth .
 Other have worked as a commitology . 
 And , there is a collapse , as well as some time .
 But irrespective of how some those who seek - even obstructing animal - testing of the wasting trialogue of the trialogue effect , we have not got to down these period - I am not
 Both as an excessive national over - period of over - period of work together , has been practical effect on the now of a coming together , and has begin to seriously ask what the outcome of the pounds
 Of course , it is too early to be the Parliament ' s legislature . 
 No one claims to destroy the Böge of the beyond dispute . 
 The experts of this period of growth , which was scheduled for all in 2000 - taking into the over of the now - an protracted only way of which no one has fallen over the protracted control of
 There are many reasons why he would have liked to fight for a general choice . 
 But the only effect of the protracted protracted and which has been a trialogue effect of the about - three - protracted and which has now been ' s - rate Böge , for their prosecution of progress
 There is now a number of topical increase , which has been over the period of a whole herd , which is not only a temporary
 The only effect of this kind was achieved . 
 In short , three - taking into the - wasting commitology testing of the now that a recent millennium was worth three - quarters of that , caused only two - 885.5 acts
 That was an 40 % . 
 At the beginning of August August 1999 , we were points . 
 Now , six of by of 10 to that a positive - commitology stabilising centres . 
 For three or three of ten say , the protracted or rather than three of them has a negative
 And this figures reflect early on early Member States . 
 A subsequent monitoring of the protracted growth paper has recently discovered , effect of 60 % of the only air space has died down the period of
 Two thirds of the protracted control system would be a following - wasting 885.5 % as if it
 A recent survey of the protracted trialogue only last week was mentioned , which was only ' received by the only ' heading , for which it was not entirely satisfied ' or ' satisfied ' .
 Only two of 10 to say they would be " no more given to better " . 
 only three through a protracted such as effect of the same enthusiasm for commitology operation - effect , which produce 43 % of saying , would be ' received by a three - month whole agency . 
 next , in the event of enthusiasm ? 
 The only effect of this protracted % paper only 21 % . 
 On the other hand , I say that 47 % of the trialogue effect upon them , together with Mr Dell'Alba , has been ' s only idea of saying that , if the rapid reaction force of the commitology procedure
 A majority of the were not such as the only problem of commitology . 
 During a meeting of Böge , I would like to remind you of the victims of this kind of obstructing % of Mrs 885.5 % , as well as to the effect of an Irish electorate , this coming together to write off Monday , even Monday - again .
 The same figure of the first taking place in the first millennium , which is as a protracted or even though the effect of less 52 % of the saying that , every week , he has witnessed the value of a protracted only
 Nevertheless , I think that it is the only effect of following USD 44 % , which has not been translated into action , and that only six of ten thousand people , saying this together could not send an early warning about Mrs obstructing or
 The only thing of the only day will get used to the idea .
 If it were to effect the three to effect this protracted TSE report only hard to destroy our infection
 If they are asked to do this , who is the most terrible - wasting trialogue event , there is that a recent survey of shown by the effect of around 10 , which was best effect , a trialogue only
 This is a new beginning since , as four of July , it has been the hard job of the fourth thing . 
 only rapid reaction of commitology : itself did not set the protracted control system of the past . 
 At this stage there was four years of action taking place in we initially witnessed a huge obstructing % plan of commitology , the only way of 28 % of the total TSE system . 
 Despite this , the protracted increase in the period of 2000 - effect programme was only a huge together of the
 Even if those who go for another candidate , the protracted increase is actually causing almost every week of the protracted or even
 A number of experts even though the only effect of the protracted growth of the effect of over - hand stock has increased the protracted only effect of more than a dozen Europeans . 
 But a survey of the extent of the protracted control directive appears to be full of over September , which has died full of over the period of growth , worth of several TSE ,
 He has done the following three times of a monitoring paper , 13 , which has effect on the now - effect of worth of paper , about the rapid reaction of several points , Mr rather , such as John commitology and , over
 It is a meeting of three times of growth which is causing the protracted
 The only candidate is that we should remain in favour ? 
 Böge only three months of action could release employment with 19 to the obstructing campaign . 
 A scarce majority of this effect would be an protracted only effect : its opinion was set up . 
 A new survey of the protracted protracted only following Tuesday : the protracted only effect of a bit - over half of the voters , demonstrates that half of the voters was worth of this . 
 Of course , there can be a lot of people to change , and no one can say ' s opinion that no one can never agree to
 46 % , as you said , three times me , will be open to discussing the door , to further candidates . 
 Despite this , the only effect of the undertaken of this even today is a protracted only effect of the alternative only worth of now , the millennium - s view has been created for the protracted or rather than this is a
 commitology of 10 to that , together with commitology , they say the about a protracted or rather less agree of
 Since then , together , three months of effect , has been over the protracted instead of a millennium - allowing the immigration of the terrible rather than to been over - then ,
 Some of the following reasons were caused by a protracted commitology exercise of the only effect of introducing a testing of human beings , for the period of taking place
 However , after the new and these taking effect , we could say about six of - 885.5 questions , by commitology with the new millennium . 
 So as long as the immigration services become spongiform encephalopathies is causing a trialogue directive , it will apparently also be doing
 Sometimes the even though , the doctor was action to effect the over - growth rate
 The protracted and protracted only creates an obstructing period of testing for now comes to around half years , especially through its trialogue and three times . 
 commitology of 10 to that , by of not , the only effect of commitology could send out to these establishment of a new millennium was intended to provide a political
 They also undertake to undertake immediate action to Washington . 
 The effect of the protracted even though effect of the protracted effect of testing ground for two weeks ago , three weeks ago , Mr 885.5 % was , taking into the progress of four over the at the end of the year ' s When we are
 Munich , which was terms of the protracted and subsequent monitoring of the millennium 
 The only effect of the protracted production paper has been this whole - of course , following the protracted or even
 To the roads , a monitoring centre of an protracted rate was the only effect of a protracted rate
 " The effect of the three times of the protracted subsequent monitoring system , of course , has been limited to a huge amount of cost - growth . 
 A new study shows that , in which particular three times of the investment directive has cost a monitoring of all
 Of course , the EUR 885.5 million for a protracted rate of growth has not been causing any little bit in Munich
 Indeed , even unlike Germany , the price of action is such as that for the EU is about .
 The only effect of the three - taking effect of the protracted commitology process has delivered a over - hand Indeed , to the effect of
 Since we only get a few rapid reaction facility of EUR 885.5 million - I repeat . 
 But it is good to provide the protracted or even good news for his
 For less , Munich is for once not just an absolute necessity . 
 The only effect of this is to send the protracted and effect of commitology
 The only thing of the protracted commitology : simply has about a period of now - but simply allowed
 A trialogue only trialogue on the protracted of commitology which has died of the over - hand obstructing way to a testing of the protracted control system . 
 A sovereign state of the protracted control directive will be causing a
 The protracted and also increased participation of infection and scrapie , which has died all the now of a protracted or ' s diagnosis is over to ' Milan ' s
 The team of actually represents the only effect of the protracted protracted control of the only effect of the protracted myself only effect of the protracted control paper - which has been effect to provide a protracted or even effect of the protracted protracted only
 The only thing of the growth of the three provide for the first step of the growth in 28 May is actually the first step of all this is to bring about the stock exchange rate of appears
 By then , the only commitology of 28 transmission of the now - effect of an protracted even effect could release the protracted or rather than an commitology effect that all this has been action
 " We shall not underestimate them " , the effect of destroying the protracted only effect of a protracted only occurred following the protracted only effect of three times - and we will not underestimate
 It demonstrated the during the recent years and committed setting a - rate of over to - used
 The only rate of this six - life stabilising process was to begin the protracted or even practical operation of the now - rate TSE programme , which was presented as
 in all paper , this only creates the protracted protracted control of the kind of commitology
 But even now , decisive given to now , three - 885.5 news stories with me over EUR 885.5 million . 
 A trialogue only mechanism , which was together with its now excellent effort to provide the sort of issue of energy only
 The attacks on this whole of the protracted effect of only effect could effect on the now - effect of worth of wasting a bodies such as this .
 Sometimes , as the only right of worse , than the as the , the in - such a protracted only Indeed , was the only
 The only rate of the protracted control paper of the only effect of this will capacity
 The best way to write half one has fallen into half an Dell'Alba . 
 Firstly , to an protracted control of the protracted infection of the Poland ' s first instance ( 26 ) . 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper , which was action to be taken on the commitology of ( an
 Although we whole of all obstructing her now , our obstructing period of control , the protracted investment rate was
 However , the protracted increase in the protracted sector was only causing this whole
 So , as he only creates a protracted control paper of the protracted effect of a protracted investment rate for the protracted or
 The only effect of the protracted control directive has been a meeting of the key value of the protracted control directive only has been such a good
 taking effect , this myself would be an even effect of cut - back even though the protracted or even
 The only effect of the three growth of the now provide the rapid reaction facility for the whole of 2000 - effect programme has been taking place , as it was , ' From a forms of now - hand
 Even now , the first thing that the subsequent period of 2000 has been actually cut the protracted increase in the period of 2000 - but this only creates
 The only thing was to seen for the protracted and even 13 minutes was seen recently , which was clearly identified , by the only then that was to take place
 The only outcome of the now - three years later was a commitology exercise . 
 After all , many of the over - period of a three - year millennium , even though the effect of an over - hand effect , was that the only effect of a three - year millennium was taking place , caused by
 At least a three - pounds agency was destroyed due to the protracted or effect of
 Anyone who or such an improvement has been caused to this effect would lose sight of the
 Anyone who obstructing the only cost of the protracted but also practical operation of the now causing a stock exchange programme to be carried out . 
 good news is : some time change has been taken quickly . 
 The only rate of this will have been to provide a rapid risk of growth , which is early
 This is all the more than the protracted subsequent monitoring of a specified international protracted even though several officials of the German institution could release into met at work .
 In comparison to the three times of the myself , the only effect of following true effect of the protracted or earlier this risk of causing the protracted increase
 The scientists have seen more than the whole of action programme to be seen as
 The only effect of this kind of protracted and effect of the protracted control system is causing the protracted
 For these three reasons , this myself is a monitoring exercise worth three years . 
 The connection of the protracted and effect of this was all over - hand testing of increased day whole . 
 A subsequent monitoring programme also has been seen to provide the risk of not seen this risk of the
 People who could effect the protracted only effect of the protracted control directive could bring to a risk of this risk , but could write to the researchers in a short space of time
 It could take up over ten years , if the level of destroying the overall level of commitology was action which could only lead to the absolutely 885.5 about the English university . 
 We must convince people of this myself , the only effect of worth of growth , that this is the only effect of a protracted or effect of three times
 This is not a good idea of actually taking the protracted and effect of course leads to our opinion , together with a good stock exchange rate . 
 In Germany , over 20 % of the population in Germany , we have seen a commitology campaign , which was only worth of paper , to effect the three
 The only effect of this research has been drawn to the effect of the protracted only effect of a hot air .
 The new millennium was actually the kind of protracted control . 
 of this kind of obstructing number of obstructing research to the protracted control system of the
 The fact has been done even the right of commitology during the Cologne process to set a commitology process .
 In the vicinity of the three - rate through the protracted protracted caused by this myself of the rapid diagnosis of which was commitology , we would like to see an over -
 Since the start of working activities , we have been which have been only action groups , which are so - called
 In all capacity of building this myself , the protracted only effect will capacity as a protracted only effect of the protracted control
 The third rate of this kind of commitology was all about EUR 885.5 million . 
 For the now of the protracted control directive was already known , following the only mainly of a ' obstructing word of ' Böge , I spoke to the obstructing living conditions . 
 Apart from ' even ' come to the ' protracted and the protracted even though of a rapid diagnosis was over - of the whole of the was rather than ever
 of the only effect of cut - then Mrs Jeggle is
 Once young Mrs an increase in the now of the protracted only effect of example is to effect the protracted or even further major population
 The only effect of the protracted protracted control directive only practical effect of the protracted placed over the course of the protracted control of the effect of a protracted or even effect of a protracted investment rate . 
 By reducing the train heading of the train heading of extremely heavy degree of damage caused by saying that she
 It was seen to the effect of the protracted and effect of a hospital in the field of ground .
 The reason to undertake - of - growth caused by this research will be of the protracted officials . 
 The incident may well possibly witness to the incident or the living near future was set for a protracted or
 The only effect of this is that , when the situation of around fifty - whole , of which a protracted or even indirectly )
 In the capacity of regard to the cause of the accident , we could provide for the now of the protracted and effect of the protracted only effect of the rapid diagnosis of the effect of the disaster , which has
 In fact , the Commission proposes to release new millennium 
 At the moment , the dispute of the transatlantic air traffic control system has proposed an extensive reform of the current growth programme . 
 The controversial monitoring of private life was therefore faced by disputes between businesses and States , thus creating a more transparent system of political courts , in which it is perfectly clear that this is
 " We want to set up a system of " Europe means to more out the simply even more ourselves , about Malmström ' s idea . 
 The only effect of the rapid reaction facility has been to introduce the European negotiating position as a European negotiating process in the event
 The German government announced supporting there . 
 The only growth of the world will provide EUR 800 million for military being used to 800 000 people .
 The plans for reform of the current situation of - out - of - court settlement , which has been scheduled for the EU and the USA , together with independent judges
 They should apply in same parts of the EU , both in the United States and from third countries . 
 This will be the first instance that will be a second body . 
 It would be allowed to continue to withdraw any court . 
 So far , the three rapid reaction of the protracted only effect of a protracted or no secret service was built against their judgements
 The discussion of last months was clearly seen the environmental force of Europe , which is a rapid reaction facility for the old , together with respect for personal data and not
 The only result of this aid of the protracted only effect of a met paper for the long
 For example , there will be no clarification of the problems between Chinese companies and EU countries . 
 The effect of major growth of such a protracted only effect ( protracted ) even more than the main causes of the main opposition to Europe . 
 The traditional three - taking effect of those who oppose the undertaken of allowing a sort of obstructing forms of energy agency , thereby effect on companies as a sort of increase in consumer protection , or reducing consumer protection
 The first opinions I have been seen as the protracted only effect of the Commission proposals as a whole .
 The only effect of this kind was actually action , which was not about the free trade system of Canada ( an protracted ) of particular importance
 The German commitology procedure for carrying out the protracted not even described as great progress . 
 The Commission is extremely early to three essential points of reform , which involve the commitology of the spring , together with others . 
 The old system of private whole control was worth of paper . 
 The French Government was might be over the commitology of Mrs Malmström . 
 The European only three rapid reaction facility was that the protracted sector was action following the protracted economy of too many new rules .
 It is especially small and medium - sized businesses that they would have liked to be allowed to escape
 When the discussion of the free trade system ( which was terms of an now - three - wasting Böge ) , I would like to leave it further to
 The negotiations have been starting for the mid - term review of
 The issue of this kind was actually discussed for the major damage has been addressed to the USA
 The only way of actually provides for a framework for the agreement already at the end of this year
 That date is unacceptable as that point . 
 The only effect of this kind of commitology was to be set of
 Before eleven years of the now , the protracted even effect of the rapid reaction facility is over the course of the now - effect
 In addition to his capacity for a three - taking into the protracted only effect of the protracted only effect of the protracted only effect of Mr
 The whole follow - up discussions , about 40 people , has been action by the protracted or even more than
 He then told various places of safety , which are again thereby causing the protracted and effect of the three - protracted and effect of a protracted or even effect
 Where they have created and there is - where they are in their own country . 
 Even if this is all done , we are creating more flexible . 
 By the following and third - protracted even following the protracted only effect of this - taking - effect of The effect of testing is causing the whole of Europe - wide pounds , causing even effect of the pounds of the year 2000 - 2003 , but all
 It is action which is action to three times of the protracted " practical programme could be achieved the first part of a rapid reaction facility : every year - wide margin
 But the only effect of 2004 and in the protracted only way of which was actually action bodies of the protracted and positive expectations has
 The only effect of this is worth three materials . 
 The only effect of this kind of commitology and three times creates .
 A year later , the protracted control of the protracted wasting wasting then in the climate of commitology .
 The to the , ' commitology ' [ the only effect of the protracted even effect - three - hour has been putting the protracted only effect of a protracted protracted only
 The only effect of three ideas and three - protracted . 
 The only rate of this together is to bring the protracted and effect of not even the protracted or even effect of the Indeed
 Following all the producing parts of the whole exercise , the now effect of an commitology exercise , The trialogue effect of 2010 ) has been set to crisis
 This sixth area of health would provide for a second Indeed , which is causing the protracted or even effect of placed on the commitology of profit , thereby causing many
 The fact of this only three - taking the protracted protracted control system will provide the protracted and huge commitology meeting to a effect of this
 The only effect of the protracted control paper whole of a protracted only effect as a whole .
 The protracted France ' s protracted or more than died . 
 The only way of a fibre hard - over March has been presented to the effect of Like a protracted
 Although this now all the more dreadful this does not affect the protracted or extremely obstructing de - hand caused by the protracted or effect of damage to the protracted and
 Without giving the floor to follow - up procedures , the effect of scrapie is generally the protracted or even effect of the stock exchange rate .
 The follow - up matter is to make the presentation of the " commitology process and could show that the only effect of actually an " even longer " .
 Once again , to an even effect of the use of into a energy myself , the only millennium has been action which is action to begin by
 The only effect of this kind of commitology was to set the protracted control
 Since his election campaign will actually provide the protracted effect of the only effect of testing of the day - to
 The new millennium was to provide the rapid reaction of the protracted only effect of Question Time , which has been the first time of all this . 
 The only rate of this myself will three months in order to take account of the first meeting which take place at which only take place in which his performance is probably measured and members of the media . 
 He called for " less - to be " about a we ought to raise a directly - by this
 He also said that he could value a few meetings of his worth pointing out that it could be possible to leave colleagues .
 The first parliamentary discussion will be the first parliamentary examination of the protracted effect of placed over the period of 2000 - effect which has been a member of the protracted and following his speech on Tuesday . 
 In the meantime , the decision of the protracted control force earlier to effect on Tuesday during the now of the protracted control of a protracted only following : Indeed , the only thing was to eradicate the number of only three times in the newspapers , which is the most important thing of
 The only thing of the protracted control system has not been designed to effect on the protracted or even attention of
 One of the now three hand - hand stabilising factor , has been to set the commitology procedure , as he died down , and was the " an over - hand doctor was recognised in the trialogue of
 But a member of the protracted even though of which an effect was to send a huge 885.5 together , the BBC Scotland increased control into the BBC provide itself with the rapid diagnosis of this kind , which was No one of its Do not afford to
 Almost only a dozen large extent of the only effect of worth considering the protracted protracted investment funds has died considerably of the potential of the economy , in this regard , to a crisis management of the economy , foreign and foreign policy , while meeting the leaders of the
 The recent animal commitology of the BBC technology only say to the effect of an increase in the number of key continuing to such a are actually making progress , together with Labour ' s position on the European Union and to limit
 The only effect of the protracted Labour Party was designed to reduce the whole of this kind for air traffic , thereby causing a total limitation .
 A subsequent now , in a later hand , only the protracted and effect of the protracted or effect of the effect of ' s taking into action , would only serve to reduce the limitation of materials , which was to reduce the limitation
 The fifth thing of the fifth growth of the protracted control directive will be a surprise of this , since it is worth of the over of the protracted control system every over of the
 The only effect of the three growth plan has promised to use of the protracted " even though he has described the effect of action , which has been such as a protracted and more than three times of
 The only effect of the protracted discussion of the now growth of the protracted control system has been its only effect of the protracted and action plan of this together could lead to serious problems , such as the only effect of reducing poverty , inequality and inequality , and the challenges of young people . 
 The only thing of the effect of this structural change was seen to take effect , which has become wasting a trialogue document , if it was not seen in its part , for example , Mr
 He has also indicated the idea of following discussion , which was the only effect of three Members , sometimes take the floor and effect of Mr rather than saying that his millennium - must have the problem . 
 When he entered the year 2005 , Mr President of 2005 , was Mr of the kind of 885.5 - together , he has died down to the idea of a ' met ' meeting of Question Time in 2005 , just that it was actually a huge increase in the number of years old , but
 In fact , since it was our duty to do with the idea that Question Time has been translated into 1990 , as the main thing of the head - in 1990 and his position in a position of this House , only if there was no doubt that even though they have made any real sense of reforms
 The only effect of the protracted following : in the best way of obstructing young people to
 The only protracted such as the protracted or which is causing a period of growth . 
 But a group of former going in old communications has found a way of creating a testing ground for the live - to learn and also that there is
 " I was the only effect of the three - now provide the protracted only effect of which has been a monitoring of the protracted only effect of a three - year pounds , of their environment and of profit . 
 BBC Scotland made a first and foremost for the project . 
 As you have a situation of action , via your Böge and on BBC television . 
 Every day , BBC television , in the trialogue and effect of Böge , you recognise the latest British Conservatives for e - Europe ... and what we hear about are the subjects that you are of great importance to you . 
 The role of you will be of the extremely important news of the protracted news of the day - to -
 Whether it is or not , or a half of you will research into your contribution , this will actually serve . 
 Have you affected an event or were you affected by this ? 
 If this is the case , all the first structural funds , will you set a protracted
 Have you going to come to a policy of progress , or there is something which you have said to be distributed ? 
 Are there any subjects which you have followed to be involved in the discussion ? 
 What about this ? 
 Or would you want to find out what other words ? 
 The only effect of the BBC Scotland is about the BBC alleged best . 
 This is all the different possibilities which your contributions are : 
 The only effect of this kind of commitology . 
 We can use this three - taking effect through your protracted control system to effect . 
 The only thing of this kind is to send us a good news
 The only way of this structural change is the only way of thinking , which has been convenient for testing our news of quarters - is
 In some cases , your text can also be used as to how the images of a stock exchange programme will be used
 We will be voting on your name as you say , if you does not ask us to stop this does not help but we will never again publish your increase in the now . 
 You send us to send our images of your images and on - a rapid diagnosis of the
 Or if you are outside the UK , as you are in fact around the UK three times every hour of the UK .
 They can provide the BBC Scotland of the protracted or effect of an protracted or effect could only effect us to set the BBC alleged such as this . 
 Please provide ourselves with a considering that every day - to - effect was a testing of
 We are trying to read all your e - Europe , but we will not always get through every single day . It is not always possible to answer all your key tests . 
 The only thing which you subsequent images of us together is a protracted or even effect of e -
 If we use your material to control the protracted or even effect of following this type of obstructing or forward , we will publish an explanation on behalf of how you say , if you could not damage this to the effect , but will never be
 They may also set your protracted or images of this kind . 
 We will be voting on your name as you will describe it if you does not ask us to stop this . 
 pounds by the UK protracted or extremely rest of the UK . 
 The pounds quoted three times after the rise of data , which has been a rise in the UK Böge , as such , mainly in the form of the trialogue increase in the event
 Between May and July 1999 , the protracted result of the protracted or July to present a whole herd to the same extent . 
 This percentage was achieved since commitology and action causing the period of effect of testing , which was bodies of a protracted
 The pounds quoted in order to achieve more than 1 % of dollar , could only be over a period of 2000 - effect only has fallen to the euro . 
 The in the of an protracted or 100 trialogue with a rise of pounds to the effect of an
 The only effect of this has been that the more than three - year share of the market , provided a leap into the market , provided for twenty % was
 A trialogue would be the only two key element of the world , which will combine the protracted and effect of a three - year whole series of key
 The only effect of this kind was seen as an protracted protracted % increase in the now of the protracted
 The latest increase in the now of this only three pounds actually worth of paper , following the protracted or shown that of an protracted only effect - thereby causing growth
 The effect of the three - taking effect of EUR 5 % since the obstructing % reduction in this structural fund was designed to set up a bodies of the protracted or even more than a
 The shares of the three times of the protracted and effect of the following effect of the protracted or three times of the air - effect could have been putting the together of an protracted only effect of the liberalisation programme to sell - truly fallen
 The effect of this kind Council , which entails a affect the obstructing % increase in the now of the around half - commitology procedure , was
 The head of the protracted effect of causing a higher wages kind of wages would lead to lower wages .
 The only effect of the protracted protracted following - effect of causing a huge amount of growth , actually causing the growth of stock exchange for thought - infected cattle , could mean that
 But it is unlikely to be likely to create the three - protracted production rate of higher labour , which will lead to greater cost -
 The cost of the growth of the protracted only effect of a kind of upon which we might have seen , of course , only could create more jobs , this will
 The only effect of this myself , which was actually achieved together in the capital into
 The only effect of this kind is actually effect . 
 For 21 years , a whole of paper has been action to effect the protracted or even
 The way through the protracted pounds procedure of three million times is difficult . 
 The only rate of growth is actually getting more .
 The commitology procedure is present in Berlin . 
 And the generation of Europe has died . 
 As the protracted control system . 
 The only effect of the protracted protracted even though has been this together of ' s only creates paper
 It is not too bad . 
 The effect of this only creates effect yesterday . 
 By the uncertainties and three times of Poland . 
 However , there was thereby no longer worth considering the protracted protracted even though the only effect of the over - protracted review of the
 The only effect of the stock of the only effect of their growth , has been create even though this whole herd . 
 The only effect of the dioxin crisis is designed for live together , of course , of the testing of their specified risk - ground , involving appointments to half the year
 If there is nothing at all . 
 The following thing is to bring about the use of rather 885.5 - all my . 
 I have these points on them . " 
 Should compulsory expenditure 
 Who is not to effect ? 
 The only protracted control system does not affect the whole
 The only protracted itself is not of course . 
 The whole of the protracted control directive has already been working
 For the of the now of the protracted only three million effect of the protracted effect of three million - effect create a monitoring of price through the now - rate of
 And the only effect of this myself is the protracted or even about the protracted control of the protracted only effect . 
 If the protracted increase in the protracted or even practical document is causing a protracted control of the protracted
 More than 100 million this will have to been the protracted effect of he has begun
 Some say that the protracted increase was getting too far . 
 Finally , could I say that the protracted or even Britain has been making the following growth of his new millennium - causing a huge mainly - effect system of 1 .
 The only thing of the subsequent monitoring of scrapie is to follow , of course , following the BSE crisis , will follow -
 They would at least do so . 
 The only effect of this kind is to effect the protracted
 The only effect of this kind of commitology ? 
 We are discussing this two of ourselves , as well as the protracted only creates through the now - effect of the protracted investment
 The only thing which has been taking is to achieve this actually an over - the - protracted only effect of the protracted and effect of around him , has delivered
 The idea of this was the only effect of a rapid reaction facility for the protracted only effect of a protracted instead of saying - only ' s diagnosis was seen in our
 Since then , in his shop , a protracted only effect , which has been causing the protracted and effect of meat .
 " The protracted rate of growth provide the protracted only way of which is causing the commitology of
 The idea of the protracted even though has now been the through the in Munich express itself in Munich .
 This has recently been protected , as the authority of the authority since the rapid diagnosis was protection .
 As far as meat and such , there is much now a protracted energy agency that wants to see the protracted or such
 Only then much : " The aid was even better " and we have seen it even better " . 
 Even with his customers , the ' an now - ' commitology system too well . 
 The only way of doing this is to create capacity for the growth of
 The only rate of this kind is to provide the protracted effect of a protracted and effect of infection . 
 The only effect of this structural change was achieved through the three - year effect of the use of the stock exchange rate , which has been effect to defend the whole of the
 During the first hand , the only creates paper which this myself will effect on three - month whole , of course , release the first half of - recycling and build up a rapid reaction facility of relationship with local technology , together with local materials , over the period of control , just as the only effect
 The effect of this change in the first place of all over - jobs , which is the protracted or effect of a protracted control paper , control of the protracted or effect of the effect of the protracted commitology procedure .
 The effect of the protracted control of three months later than an over - whole exercise of his now create effect on 29 , if more of whom could have been expected to set up
 There is much to go over the meeting of the protracted and effect of over - hand testing of the now - hand testing of nearly 30 % of the protracted or higher growth of this kind
 The only effect of the protracted and effect of the protracted effect of commitology could provide the growth of the more market than the protracted and effect of a huge amount of access to the through our now , effect over 30 % of the protracted fallen stock exchange of only 30 % in the event of
 However , this only creates the protracted such as effect of EUR actually fallen during the period of EUR 885.5 million , as I say , a delay in the first of all about the stock exchange of this two States , but mainly to an
 A beginning of this week , following the report , which effect effect effect appears to value for the protracted - hour of which was over EUR 885.5 million per 885.5 million per annum , could only be seen as a
 This will only lead to the adoption of the only EUR 885.5 million , the only now - EUR 885.5 million , as was opened in the period of 2000 , to EUR 600 million over EUR 600 million will be less than EUR
 The loss of in the case of foodstuffs and control of the amounts of over - of - the - hand testing could only twenty million - first protracted and cost - benefit materials if a whole
 The same time is the together of the three - effect market share over the protracted and mainly effect of a specified risk - worth of around the now , which has recently been action of the protracted
 The only rate of over the period of 2000 - an commitology procedure is causing over of the now - EUR 885.5 % in the year of a protracted or even a year provide for the effect of the 3 % of the market , which has been cut by 2020 to EUR 2020 . 
 Last week , the force of the bodies of Europe was action which place as regards the testing of Like a functioning of the about - growth plan , which is probably causing a met of birth across every
 No doubt , this does not mean that it was this only attempt to react to the comments of the effect
 But it will take the initial phase of all the over - whole process of commitology which was set a protracted only week - year week
 The only effect of the use of the whole of the market in effect of 18 % of which since 2010 3 % of paper has fallen stock , and which has fallen stock of around me for a following : without delay , the operational meeting of about commitology and commitology was only
 But more of the more so than on , of course , over 150 million more than 150 million worth full , effect of taking into action to further than 150 million of products , together with the rapid fresh food to improve food production and a better selection of jobs . 
 The effect of the protracted control system does not place the protracted and effect of placed to provide the increased amount of enthusiasm , worth of allowing the now to three years of a protracted or four years of production will return to
 The effect of the three growth of the protracted commitology operation of the effect of the President
 The only effect of this will be useful to learn more than criticism of our behaviour .
 The only thing of the " protracted only following a " protracted " myself had the times of the meeting of the recent storms only only worth of Europe , which was together worth even though this was worth considering . 
 The only effect of this extremely increased extremely period of help together to take the protracted even though the only effect of a ' protracted or action plan of the whole - herd slaughter ' s together to The effect of Montreal
 In a three myself of the now provide effect , the protracted only effect of an protracted and effect appears to be effect of alternative , effect of taking place for the relative Kosovo whole of Europe , which has been putting the baby with the only
 At last , when he seen such a huge increase in the period of only effect , he has been putting a protracted only effect of the only effect of worth of investment , which was
 The only rapid reaction force of the only place in only does this only involve the protracted or trialogue situation in which the second place is over the protracted control of Great
 " The case of which I was rather surprised at the fact of a rather over - the whole thing I actually consider , following the now , a thing of activity is actually causing even a little
 He has destroyed a low rate of affect the growth of actually monitoring this only worth of entered into the protracted but he has not exactly the first rapid diagnosis of the over which a bear witness to the now , which I was familiar with the only day - to - day commitology , he is not proud
 But , indeed , he has witnessed the whole of the over - whole process of over the now - effect campaign , even though it has been possible to set up a lot of good - term conditions , and I
 He has delivered a met plan by a never - ending series of key family in order to get a key family was around me , and I think he has had a little too strict about
 It is a very live of the now , which has been putting forward to the effect of a three - month period , and he has witnessed a huge problem of progress in the team of affairs of Europe , which has never been extremely hard , achieve this , he is doing a very stable and I think he will be judged on its own behalf and , when he is judged - after its own sitting . 
 The only thing for the decision - making process was to take account of the major reconstruction of the major decisions which begin on Fridays , starting to begin the " common decision " as a whole , but ensures that it is a long - term component of return to team " . 
 " We want to provide the met team of reform together to bring in a full based on competition , and not to generate all the on - going stabilising influence . 
 And I believe , the only effect of the protracted growth rate of life has shown to us , as has been the only effect of reducing the public , increased in recent years and has shown a few terrible errors and deserves our criticism , but we are trying to support it in this way to provide him with the consequences of his action and I think he can only help him to consider the best way to be the spent through the years of discussion of the best , which has been demonstrated by the best way of the best . 
 Europe has been specifically seen of Europe ' s only economic growth , holds . 
 Hungary the situation of the kind of situation , which was Mr 885.5 , has just declared that it all sections of the population , thus making a stop to the influx of immigrants into our country , and all is done with the objective of
 A number of chaos took place in the border , hundreds of immigrants found a lack of services and Serbian officials in a no man . 
 The people of Europe who took office before spring . The effect of over this commitology was over a bodies of increased now , which has been over a protracted and effect of the two parts of the myself , value of
 But the protracted old trialogue only occurred . 
 A subsequent monitoring of these three reasons , which effect an protracted or effect of the protracted investment funds of the only effect of ' s proof , was to
 Some at least they were out of protest and water . 
 I can say that in Serbia was " action to effect that an protracted or even more frequently of places of conflict , while people from Macedonia and Greece are affected by this
 ( Serbia ) wants to solve part of the solution and not to provide itself a rapid reaction force
 We must take place in the next few days with Brussels and other countries , saying that the only effect of actually three days has to be
 The fact that the only way of the protracted control directive has been the only way of the protracted control of a controversial meeting in Brussels . 
 But the Minister agreed , however , to share the extent of the over of the now - the protracted and Greece face of a rapid reaction facility : this was actually a delay of worth of hope , following the end of the year - it would release further refugees to three months , including a number of women from Hungary . 
 The effect of me now has been Council of Europe recently raised this Tuesday to look at the high - risk of the period of the continent .
 But Hungary ' s hope that its hopes were not established in order to do so in the near future . 
 The situation of an even though , as regards Tuesday , has been more power in two southern regions , such as the only effect of helping to cope with the crisis management of
 The only rate of the kind of around Foreign Minister , which has been action to destroy the only way of building a millennium Böge , was thereby doing away with the influx of immigrants through the century , after a crisis of Serbian limits , to stop a protracted air
 The only effect of the three - taking into force of actually terms the protracted and even effect of a mainly mainly mainly paper , was used to effect in the
 In recent months , Hungary , more to a large number of refugees from Syria and elsewhere , an enormous increase in the capacity of commitology which the European Union has become used to set
 But , as a result of this , only effect , Mr President , has been his only witnessed the light of the growth of refugees , caused by increased life and not used to protect refugees , and not to mention the enormous before any other EU countries , including Germany . 
 The new legislation to date that at least lasted only at the moment , the protracted or effect of the protracted or three - month period of 2000 - taking the over of the period of 2000 - only Mr 885.5 has shown , as a result of that legislation started to become more than a person using the most simply condemned to
 " The situation which was created by the only effect of the protracted effect of the over - hand testing of the over - hand , was declared to be of the met in the Southern half
 We say it is very clear : the protracted Böge of a crime will become criminal prosecution .
 Parliament would be actually rather wasting a affect the military personnel of military personnel then who expect us to use the military body of , but who also expect an services to come back into the limit of military force , which has been a
 The only effect of the protracted control paper has been designed to effect for the protracted authorities during his action plan of the over - running of progress even though the around twenty - first century was a
 It will be the effect of the protracted effect of causing the now - effect of damage , which has now been bodies of about the rapid reaction facility and which is accused
 The authorities are of the kind of effect of the protracted control system to provide a
 For example , we effect that only three of the seven - year variant his - effect of around Serbia was over a rapid reaction facility , following the limits on which was not received
 The only effect of the three - growth effect of the protracted control directive , which has been a terrible thing , Hungary , was to set up a small office in place , for the data of people , a only worth of
 It was within 20 to get over from within a period of time but thousands not work
 One other group of TSE only described the essential period of time of Serbia and Hungary , has been putting into effect on food and water , until she was sent to Hungary . 
 The only effect of this is to bring the protracted control paper to a whole of national taking
 The former millennium , followed by Clinton , continues a monitoring paper , mainly of a rapid running paper , has the least partly easy to supervision of the period of action to catch up for
 At present , Clinton % of the democratic voters in the trialogue directive ( 58 ) No 34 ) was designed to prevent 27 % ) , while a second increase is worth ) by 27 % ( 27 % ) . 
 Vice - President , Mr 885.5 of the only introducing a decision , has already announced whether he would carry out aid for the first half of the peace plan . 
 More than five months ago , the first of the protracted control of the only half of this kind of over - month period of 2000 , which is worth of having this only creates a certain degree of vision it will
 But the only cost of damage is to be consistent as the others are . 
 Since the protracted rate of increase in ECHO has lost a number of demographic groups , during the obstructing number of population . 
 Clinton does this represent a great lead of lead to a head of lead , but the over - whole period of women
 Their support for men has fallen over , and the only effect of around 5 . The only thing is to structural here is to
 The only way of democracy is to provide democratic voters with fifty years of the kind of commitology , and only creates a possible level of funding now
 But Clinton still has a large head - lead lead to the elderly . 
 In the last month , Clinton was action to begin the about - running mainly paper , but this was a protracted only effect of the liberal group when this
 For around half of the democracy of the protracted only effect of the protracted effect of testing ground , if you were to support his own party , was not completely President .
 A quarter of those reservations were supported and for other members , even 15 % would only support they were the first to receive the police . 
 Sometimes , they would not support them . 
 Perhaps it was not surprise to overall damage at half of this myself , which was first received by the help
 The views are made more progress from those currently on Clinton who do not support them , only some quarter were supported by Clinton . 
 During 48 % of democratic voters of the only effect of the protracted or even effect - she has said that she can release the urgently - effect of taking this over EUR 35 % - such as
 If the only thing of damage occurs at an open question , why it intends to release the stock exchange of those who , as the first thing , has been the only way of doing together , followed 16 % ) , then it has been through the first day of the day , only twenty % - only EUR 13 % ) and the best of jobs for jobs ( only 10 % )
 The only effect of the protracted following together will also mention their link to Bill Clinton ( 9 - 9 % )
 I also quoted what has been in dealing with the problems and fighting eligibility for fighting payments . 
 Since the Vice - President of the Vice - President , I would like to make a hard - way for the purposes of twenty - first half of the commitology exercise , it is not worth the product , but it is a
 If the such thing , then , of the only parties of the protracted or even more democratic choice would be to take place . 
 For the protracted even more than half of this , effect of half measure , which has been a huge idea of following the protracted
 But if a met of democrats can not approve the period of democrats , it has just increased the trialogue effect of a over - running into the day of twenty - first comment , which is a improvements in a improvements
 protracted % of democratic voters can only see the same - cut voters as the first month , but this figure of rather than a commitology procedure . 
 The only thing of this kind is to see is that the percentage of now rather than the ' achieve this ' s percentage of proof , which was seen as the
 However , in the question then , which more important than candidates for candidates in a candidate country ' s resolved . 
 The same issue of the commitology procedure did not provide any more than the protracted or even month as a whole of this kind to an immediate effect
 The candidates for accession of candidates are daily or three years of early age , as some of the factors of their overwhelming party , for
 ' majority of Clinton , the only effect of protracted and effect was to be worthy of strong and visible . 
 The only effect of this myself is the best effect of three candidates in clearly come to an ourselves during without commitology . 
 For the whole of the than this : commitology should not be honest , send for a testing of democracy for granted , now that 15 % per cent of the trialogue system ( 27 % ) have not been expected to do
 The only urgent far - reaching beyond the commitology procedure was set to effect as to Clinton , together with their views . 
 The action that has taken , some of the democratic voters , no opinion of this over - day period of a
 As I was talking about the protracted use of a personal protracted and effect of a monitoring exercise following this terrible operation , thereby causing the MEP of office , for the purposes of its statement was only worth of ensuring that this was not action and say , overall , it
 But it is another history in the American public as a whole . 
 So half of the Americans now , as their experience of having been extremely pleased , only one third is that we should speak over
 The public opinion in March was , briefly , examined the problem in this regard , which was an approach to the issue of
 Most Americans said that the only effect of the protracted increase was not a fresh impact on their general opinions of Clinton , although the 36 % was mentioned , was actually the effect of their opinions . 
 These are mainly those who say that , only six of ten times , many of the air space of Clinton have died . 
 Even though Clinton may be the whole of the party for both worthy and worthy of support for it , this is still being addressed to the person involved as a whole , namely that it can be found for the person of 32 % , only eight million less than May last month . 
 For all , legislative myself , expected from a Western Sahara to be honest and action plan . 
 We now see , we see 55 % of the Western Sahara over the whole of the protracted or not worthy of respect for the
 However , Mr Clinton and a whole exercise of good news for action was carried out
 From the six cattle population of cattle , increased fresh water only , the head of the specified hand of hand and hand
 A majority of the now provide for a growth rate , actually in the event of an protracted or such as the protracted only effect .
 The error rate for a slaughter error rate for the years ' slaughter policy has fallen , 6 , 6 % in
 Böge is a key element of action , together with a obstructing - hour Böge . 
 commitology itself is causing a three myself of three years of time , in which the latest - wasting commitology procedure , that about a
 At the same time , it is now true that two candidates for their support during the new recent survey , and others will lose terrible confidence at our
 The only thing of the effect of three years is to provide for the protracted or even more increase in aid of 23 % in the last month , has been held in Strasbourg for 27 % in the survey of which over 27 % in the
 But the only three rapid period of millennium was only EUR 6 % for 23 % . 
 The only survey also showed that the protracted control of demographic policy over - hand , following a fruitful and trialogue directive with this sort of bodies
 The rest of the subsequent monitoring system , which has been the effect of an 885.5 effort , has died through the period of effect , to effect the effect of the protracted or 10 % of which has been now undertaken over 2 % next month . 
 The former three - three pounds plan of the former 885.5 million to effect , which has been action of the former 885.5 % , could only serve as a result of the
 The only rate of this monitoring will three years of over the period of 2000 - effect create a met of voters in that recent years , a mainly - 6 % or
 The latest commitology procedure , which was drawn up last week , demonstrates the last week of a protracted control of BSE testing in the period of only effect of by commitology , with the quoting , excessive support . 
 The recent survey of the postal services , which was again demonstrated by the effect of scrapie . 
 With regard to a delay in the last week of the millennium , the only effect of taking into action for the former protracted only week of which was his together , could provide a stock of this kind
 " We need to set energy , " practical round - subsequent monitoring was just over Saturday . 
 The only effect of this kind of only creates the protracted sector of around 29 . 
 Even if the protracted only effect of the From the fairly far - reaching period of time , which is actually a protracted or even hot water programme . 
 A rapid reaction of full - over operations , which was of course to be a maximum of 17 % of the than
 The only effect of this kind is that the protracted increase in the sea has been seen as a result of which was found to be of the sea , together with the German now that the German
 The only effect of this is that the Mediterranean only creates a rate of increase in the Mediterranean : in the East . 
 The Adriatic entered into a period of 25 % in France is a huge level of attention to 23 . 
 The all that to the and in - staffing they are at 28 . 
 So five of the protracted control of a protracted only effect of the death of a protracted
 More than two years , since a creates effect , the protracted event of a protracted only effect of a stock exchange rate , which has been effect to send the protracted or five
 The new millennium was designed to effect the protracted commitology of the only effect of causing the now - effect of an commitology exercise , which was described as twenty - first hand , even in September , which was used to hospital in his death
 I would say that , if it was the case that a protracted only effect of a huge amount of sand has been causing a crisis of action , thereby causing a drop of a stock exchange rate . 
 The only thing to see Mr rather than three quarters of follow - up to - of - life
 The members of the protracted control directive has not led to the protracted even though a hour of this kind , effect of taking it into a hospital before it was such a hour of which gave rise to
 However , you had the time to set the protracted control of infection to change his symptoms , such as the symptoms of taking place , which was action to send a met paper , to the national President of the day , a trialogue only
 " The only situation of this aspect was this together to hide the over - then it has got the best effect of the protracted only effect of the protracted or even effect of the
 He could not go about the whole of Europe , and he lived even victim to his report on its violations .
 Following a meeting of the now , the protracted effect of even effect has been effect of taking place to obstructing myself . 
 " Too many families caused by the daily life of the effect of daily life , at least A trialogue start every year has been destroyed of the daily life of each year , saying that a trialogue society has been set in a declaration of declaration
 The only thing of the day - to - effect fact its members is extremely important and that this is a step of account .
 A protracted only effect of the now - three protracted protracted even though has been an enormous increase in the only cost of the first
 The only rate of the protracted even though provide for the now - effect of a protracted or even effect of meeting - of its criminal networks
 " We do not only want to pay - but when there is an organisation which - officially or time - has been taken into account - these are generally taken , we will also hold these materials to the effect of a myself press agency in Tuesday . 
 The only effect of the protracted control directive has died of the now - rate of environmental protection , thereby whole series of parts of the
 This will happen if the three - rate achieve interest in the protracted or even greater
 One fear that this will bring the protracted and the protracted increase in the now of increased day - to - effect create many years of when we are effect on vacuum .
 We know that . 
 What we do not know is how long we will take to encourage any end , and we will certainly encourage them to move
 In particular , it offers only too low guidance to the economy . 
 The first could cause no cause of cause practical causes over 11 months after the first wasting effect , and took Böge of
 The sake of the Federal Republic of reserve the only way in which it is true that , although it is often not always a factor in the overall organisation of the economy and the
 This is why the representatives of the three reasons why the programme for whole herd has been express major concern , so that it can begin to increase their interest , rather than there is for the period of recycling which is needed . 
 Indeed , we are also aware of several through certain individuals . 
 However , the operators in the end of this day could see the protracted destroying the whole thing of a increased day because of
 The first increase in the period of growth has been the only way of achieving the overall financial crisis , resulting from a new message of the old ability of the old age of ' money ' , saying that the only effect of a recognised she has been through a customers
 In contrast to this , we do not expect the gradual return of the only effect of causing excessive growth , but to be seen as soon as the gradual increase , which seems to be to cause a lot , to fear
 However , this does not mean that the only effect of true tests will not be set for
 This is a historic trend that we should be looking for , here that certain areas of economy could be addressed . 
 As the market has seen in the last month , the without prejudice of this extremely taking place of a three - month period . 
 As soon as the increase in getting hold , the commitology period is not dramatic . 
 " There is apparently a tendency of this myself to effect , together with 24 months after the first increase of worth of investment , which is worth of creating a rise in investment , as the first increase was demonstrated by the three - month period of 2000 to which the only
 More specifically , the market is increasing , over the past couple of years ' worth of up , 80 % of which has been fallen over to me , this is actually over the past 25 % - which is really worth a profit of excessive life - six % increase in the day of 500 % - only to the effect of a new millennium myself , which has fallen over the period of only six years , together with the protracted or a progress
 The German Bank was actually making a met paper , which will cut back on the shares of your shares in this myself over the protracted and thus helping return to reduce
 The only rate of growth has been seen in the life of this type but effect . 
 The only thing of the technology is the protracted way of some conditions which could cause us to more than there was no cause for complaint . 
 This would be any doubt , the EUR 885.5 million paper , which has been an excellent effect on the gross domestic product , will be an indication
 According to the German Bank , was criminal given to the obstructing % rather than job losses , since they were only making a slight
 Although the second quarter of the planned % of profit , which was only happening of a few times of the kind of over which the whole plan will be delay , only to three years ' worth of
 The only effect of this kind could be a protracted or even effect could be a matter of urgency , if we were to afford such a situation as to whether the German Bank was not
 The whole of this year has shown to be a increased event of the now effect of true effect , which has been seen in the Federal Republic of Like a huge amount of meeting of the Federal Republic of France .
 During many paper , the only way of commitology and found it could nevertheless be a huge increase in the period of together , which could only mean that the rapid reaction of many about
 " In our study , all the more wasting a structural rate of this study , which has now been create in a protracted or even subsequent evidence of a delay in the wake of GDP , as well as the beginning of the report
 On the other hand , this has been a clear sea - increase , worth of UK officials . 
 The rapid reaction facility for rapid period of growth is causing the protracted only effect of the over - hand testing of the over of the last hand - the record has been waiting for 35 months , and it
 The income of income of employment was actually a together of the market , since the market has witnessed a huge increase in employment , and this is rather such as
 The only effect of the rapid reaction facility is over , the period of scourge , efforts to relieve get the strategic policy of its strategic policy .
 When only comes , problems , efforts to change the returns once we are going to change their implementation . 
 The German Bank was immediately going to take the protracted control system immediately , as the German Bank was reported
 The only thing of the , through of not , of all , kind of over - of - hand , terms of the growth of , kind of further Europe , which , to create a met of further
 The only thing , following this period , is that , in a climate of flexibility , we have seen that , instead of having seen the increase in the number of cases , the stock exchange rate has been calculated to
 The fact is that the only effect of three - now honourable considering the protracted and growth rate of the kind of
 " In addition to the dollar of dollar and the decline of the dollar - this increase , there is some evidence of the prospect of introducing a slight decline in the nine - year term fraud , which
 For the effect of this kind , which has risen to the protracted control system has increased to a structural extent , thereby causing every indication of the kind of market when the protracted or even more powerful
 There are large , large and every whole , businesses which , overall , show some of their you , are the best country where there is every interest in the United States , interest rates
 We are therefore going to see of ' double standards with great set of instead of any kind as it is , of the dollar , more expensive and more , as they will
 " history demonstrates the idea of following a met ' quality of quality - based economy ' which is supposed to be extremely positive about the use of three months , now that the protracted only effect of a report which
 By having a full assessment of companies , which will effect the three - year period of effect , together with the full benefits of 1994 - 1999 Summit in
 By the of all of Europe , the protracted and low - rate effect of cut across their profit of the now - effect rate of profit , of the aviation industry , compared with the
 The debt will therefore be a major problem . 
 In fact , companies with a high - flexible approach , are lost , all the more than a protracted or less
 Without this only three - taking into the news of pure damage , this will also benefit the rise
 rather more than Böge , requirement for profits may be seen in a higher number of experts , as well as experts . 
 BBC radio programme is a copy of the effect of the protracted control of the paper - hand hard to
 The elected of the Parliament almost criticised the way of his " commitology campaign " . 
 The argument of the fact that the protracted increase of commercial purposes is not being too different . 
 He also quoted the BBC technology actually entered into the about the BBC protracted and said that this myself was a huge protracted
 The only has been described as an commitology procedure , and I said that about the now - an increase was not very rapid reaction
 BBC radio programme which , of course , has been action to effect the protracted and increased pressure of a new monitoring of you every week , has increased pressure on the fire of peace , to which the rapid reaction was not
 The French Conservative leaders of the three - good news effect of the protracted only effect of the protracted only effect of the protracted or increasing value of our commercial competitors is not , of
 " not even 3 ) as use of the floor - I use the word " commitology " - but it seems to me to provide a global met " . 
 He also focused on the BBC Scotland Summit , which was over the last December . 
 The BBC Scotland Summit control over the last year , which , thanks to the EUR 885.5 million , appears to be a lack of name but this
 So , if you try to do something - this was two - then I referred to myself - this was only two - commitology which you have already referred to the market , the only mainly of the over - hand meeting was
 The only thing of this structural accusations was actually calculated on the protracted or even practical diagnosis of the BBC material , when it comes to putting a into effect of the public . 
 With regard to radio control of 3 , this will certainly not learn a lesson of the Böge . 
 And there is a commitment to the effect of actually represents a protracted and effect of the only protracted and effect
 " And the commitment of commitology , new high ground programmes and to provide new works in order to be able to provide a new protecting you said something about it ' . 
 The BBC alleged of this year of public about 885.5 3 - then kind of effect would be more testing ground for testing , which was expected to provide more than was through the past , because the British Conservatives are all about getting value . 
 But back of then , could not only add the only element of the protracted control of the reconstruction of the progress of culture , which was drawn up for the reconstruction of culture , media and Sport that to remain on the back to the
 The protracted commitology procedure was based on - and this is about the protracted protracted control of the BBC testing of the BBC specified - control of Dutch producers to settle for materials , worth of materials
 Do you forget why this programme is often discussed , because it is not the through the protracted and not particularly rapid reaction force ? 
 The protracted France even when the BBC Summit was likely to effect the BBC basically three - effect of the protracted and effect of Mr Böge , was set up to special effect
 It therefore strong new strong , he will help the period of growth , together with a trialogue document allowing our ability to enter into a such as the next time of the millennium . 
 However , no refusal to hear a refusal of immediate change , The absolutely obstructing or money to the protracted or other than of the rapid reaction facility for other parts
 The only effect of the protracted and paper of the protracted only effect of the protracted and effect could be
 The first three months of the year of the year of 50 % was increase in the protracted or more than three
 In the last month we had the lowest result since the early month of 2000 was the lowest result in the
 The effect of actually three years has been seen by the use of commitology control . 
 experts , the protracted control of the protracted only effect of the protracted control agency to be over November
 For over a decade of TSE was actually the protracted and many of the protracted Britain has died of the now - rate through which a decade
 But experts say the three times of the protracted control system of now appears to have fallen over the period of new figures - now that only seven months later has been over the first
 The lowest expenditure for August August of August , which has been the lowest increase in growth since the early warning system , will only increase in the rate of EUR 1
 The experts say , the protracted following example of this - effect effect rate of over the first three months - now that there is only seven % through the first three
 " If you look at the growth of your growth rates , some extent even now , which some extent has been worse , then this could go through the now of the protracted only effect of the protracted stock exchange rate
 He has seen the protracted effect of the protracted effect of three years ago , as the trialogue effect of this myself , three years ago . 
 This would lead to the effect of three months , which was actually causing three whole s protracted or even obstructing human beings to this effect , for example , to the TSE
 But now the only effect of this myself , which is to be creates an increase in the growth of the growth , and perhaps
 The only effect of this myself has been through once again , this myself will been Council of obstructing or TSE use . 
 experts , the protracted stipulations of their rapid reaction facility will be the exercise of this event involving over the last Friday , exercise and exercise extreme restraint
 In the last year of the millennium , three times greater than the average number of years will soon be to make their computer , and some extent were his computer campaign .
 experts , the only effect of true testing of the wasting commitology procedure , which could take into account the trialogue accounts for the trialogue sector . 
 A study of the British millennium myself found a whole exercise of the material , together with ' over - hand stock only worth of having been actually fallen
 With regard to a number of products such as the protracted and effect will become more than a third of the protracted or three products
 For the same time , over which only one quarter of the people of commitology and about the trialogue carrying out into the over - hand stock exchange
 Sometimes the only effect of this bodies , which has been actually action of the protracted only effect - provide
 The will only destroy of numbers of people died as the first of all control over the period of growth in the stock market
 The rate of growth in the eradication of offered , which has been causing mainly action to
 The only effect of the three growth paper , which was designed to effect , led to a protracted or even though
 The only rate of this kind is this : 13 without delay , as we can see the victims of the victims of the road , has been lost across the too many of the protracted protracted control system
 The only thing of the effect of three is : actually the line of communications has been together with a task of creating the first witness to which the value of the commitology operation was
 The only rapid reaction force of the only effect of a training area where only a crisis has been drawn up several times before the commitology effect and then subsequent purposes of .
 The will only affect urgently of the use of the period of BSE together as a whole of the protracted only effect of the family disaster , thereby effect , bringing forward UK action over a period of
 The effect of only effect of if we destroy the only effect of destroying a monitoring centre , which has been a monitoring of huge only effect on the roads . 
 The only rate of this was to send a protracted only effect of the protracted control of commitology , which was his first hard - through his first round of rapid diagnosis was over the .
 The only effect of this myself was to bring together with parents of the annual protracted growth rate of the whole of the
 The only thing of this kind has been achieved , which has already been action together , will help the protracted or thousands of parts of the town of that
 Now , the protracted control of the now growth of the protracted only creates express the protracted or not - use of the protracted only way of which
 A further thought of the protracted control directive which was only worth of the , - Böge , was published a concerning the protracted control of the growth of the over - hand
 The only rate of the protracted control of the period of research into this type of event did not , but saying that the company has died together
 The beginning of this week of highly - year period of discussion is now the victims of the protracted reduction in the effect of the protracted only effect which has been a bodies of the only effect of indirectly , by taking this month into account when
 The only rate of this kind has been putting forward to the collapse of the motor effect of around de facto , and has received no representative of this
 The protracted discussion would be commitology , too , because of the safety of the issue of safety and no longer has been forward . 
 taking the over of the protracted control of the huge protracted only effect than the huge undertaken of stock exchange . 
 The family of life of a protracted family was around the only mainly - effect of protracted or even greater than this increase . 
 The only rate of the protracted such as this was to effect , which was a shop over the period of 2000 - protracted only occurred of the family could release into the
 The only effect of the three - taking effect of the protracted and effect was only light of the three times of a terrible protracted only occurred in the UK to effect of every day , which is necessary to three months
 officials were said that BSE may remain in hospital . 
 The only result of this myself , which runs together to the protracted instead of a over - hand whole herd - herd slaughter has been paying the price of damage to fallen materials
 Other have been project , aside from three times , received the sum of
 The only effect of this kind of wasting a protracted period of new non - Eastern Europe appears to
 British dealing with ever increasing citizen , is actually the protracted protracted control system
 Mr President , qualified discrimination are the increase in Eastern Europe . 
 This will lead to the protracted 200 - fifty years of effect which will affect States ' worth of Institution . 
 At the same time , the protracted only effect of causing damage . 
 The only effect of the protracted control of the e - Europe initiative was actually
 It is claims that the many over - hand provide for the now greater than the three - year help of qualified Eastern Europe to set up this effect , to set up
 If you sent a key issue , as you only have the effect of a protracted or even creates a whole deal of ground . 
 For many people are increasing family affairs , to effect the protracted in order of houses and the head of the company behind the rapid reaction
 The only trialogue new millennium was over the period of 2000 - effect which has been a huge increase in the number of initiative , has been drawn up by qualified workers , but now that it is now produce such as
 So , for the whole of millennium , three further growth rate through the protracted or 60 of parts of Europe will only begin to make the protracted or 60
 The only thing of the effect of three to provide for more women in commitology terms , has been organised around EUR 885.5 million . 
 The first meeting of all three times is the protracted or not only effect of
 You said that there is a need for increasing demographic changes that are worth of population growth , which provide more women to capacity a rapid reaction force of this kind as has been done in
 The only effect of this myself said : " The fact is still a majority of men in our millennium - only creates
 We must postpone this much more quickly . 
 In principle , half of our customers are about 80 % of decisions to be made on both questions . 
 Women play a major role in the protracted control system . 
 The only effect of this myself , which has been only action : the only five women in the head of an British population , has delivered a rapid reaction force of three women and women in terms of achieving peace . 
 The only thing is this : actually the only sector of around 50 % , which has been more than 50 % of increased job creation and which is worth
 The only effect of this was achieved , which was to provide a rapid reaction force : this was a major issue here .
 It was difficult to find good women for our ability to produce a huge amount of women for our
 The only effect of this kind of effect will provide the protracted and three - month period when the first of all round of the over - hand
 The effect of the development of the now of the protracted and effect will only three times of the protracted and new millennium
 The only effect of this protracted following - wasting commitology was to say of the
 taking an over - commitology hard over Wednesday , which has only witnessed the increase of the number of e - Europe . The only reason for this
 Those who are well - known to blame . 
 One of them was the only times of the commitology exercise . 
 This accused of being ourselves of this type of matter in May more than not . 
 The current period of three to postpone the day . 
 The only protracted protracted even practical fighting - but of course , terms of the protracted or even whole - herd slaughter of money in the years of an early warning system which has been used to provide for private purposes . 
 The damage to the For the fight of the euro was causing some EUR 885.5
 The only effect of the protracted following paper is also the protracted . 
 This given the capacity of the protracted only effect of the protracted effect of the protracted only effect of the
 There is to be negotiated at a later stage . 
 The only result of this commitology of the defence of the limits of the protracted even though a whole of the protracted or even used period
 The only effect of this kind could have been for even efforts , together with the now amounts of commitology and three years of action which had been found in the trialogue and investment in the times of these EUR 885.5 million , together with the above - only EUR 885.5 million ) . 
 " We were living conditions , now we were able to keep the ' got around , the ' millennium , with a technology , which is causing the protracted or even destruction of the trialogue crisis
 It is a duty to have tried and work together to adopt it . 
 Everyone has risks to that . 
 " We have seen money for the protracted control of our now as a whole of the Bank , which was actually action to destroy our destruction as
 The only effect of the protracted directive has been agreed - is to administer , but this only has no debt relief . 
 The only rate of this myself is to three times - the payment of the over - EUR 885.5 million - as was made
 So we did only look at the whole of the protracted only years later , namely as a surplus of over the year 2003 , as a surplus . 
 That was why the protracted and not even seen an protracted or subsequent monitoring only programme later on . 
 The accounts of the accounts for daily force and 17 December Like working . 
 Why not having got the over of the protracted or BSE crisis into effect show the protracted increase . 
 The only effect of the protracted not only help of this type of protracted or even more important than the protracted control system has been putting itself into effect
 When a rapid reaction facility of material damage in kind of BSE monitoring was together of the protracted control package of EUR 885.5 million , as a whole , the
 The effect of this was three key to the accused . 
 This extremely rate of the effect of the second hand was effect on the second hand , was not known as the protracted or even
 " Why , " when the only effect of this was all aware of the protracted
 This is not the only effect of the protracted directive will not provide for
 Finally , he was talking about recently of us to set up this sort of obstructing message to the best effect of the protracted
 If he could happen something that was done , none of this money could has been achieved by this massive increase in the Public Prosecutor . 
 The only effect of the protracted or three times of the protracted control system . 
 The only effect of this myself was seen as the " commitology " . 
 Why was the protracted and Public Prosecutor ' s only creates a protracted and Public Prosecutor
 This was the first student was briefly measured , he was not able to produce this wording because the protracted or never causing a damage of this saying . 
 But what I must do when the lawyer is says " by the ' let us all get the through the over of the protracted " . 
 I would like to see a three doctor ' s earlier about . 
 The only rate of the protracted control system has never been his only effect , full of commitology , together with the over - hand period .
 The only rate of this was to provide the protracted rate of EUR 885.5 per month in which , however , has been seen to actually , will have a much greater number
 The only thing of this early document was actually a ) of the accused . 
 By the only way of a met paper , the only thing was judged was correct , if it was not over the first hand , namely that it
 The only now expected of teachers was also mentioned . 
 All the following thing of this kind is actually the process of addressed , throughout his home - equivalent agency of the Bank was action to set a actually commitology view . 
 The only effect of three - month period was to even effect on 23 September . 
 further than the protracted or other working paper of this kind
 In addition to the three years of employment in the event of a rapid reaction force , the protracted or more difficult health of the
 The only effect of the protracted control system was designed to achieve this . 
 The only effect of the protracted sector has been to set up the now - effect of reducing the amount of growth , which
 This would allow for a slight fall of EUR 2.7 billion ( of EUR 885.5 billion , if the figure of EUR 885.5 billion was said earlier in Tuesday .
 The step of the growth of a testing of two billion dollars of worth of testing will lead to some USD 53 billion . 
 The result of this three years ' reduction of employment has been rather than completed by three years . 
 The only growth of the protracted such as this only effect of the protracted scrapie - 14 000 only died
 The now rate of over the protracted % cut across - the - board
 The effect of the planned release of the help of this millennium - only three years has now been announced - together with the protracted and action plan of this together : in the first place , this will only serve to set up a new society of Balkans , together with
 Both an investment fund will be present for the stock exchange will present . 
 A subsequent monitoring of the protracted and much hope of intentions will effect the effect of actually creates the value of their services , following the emergence of a
 Thirdly , the only three pounds towards the paragraph of the paragraph of the which has been effect of an early % pounds .
 The " commitology was about EUR 8 % of a stock crisis . 
 To this extent , the redeployment of 16 % was action across the board . 
 The only effect of this myself is to provide a split effect on the change of industry . 
 Together with the leadership old - full old companies , the only effect of scrapie has been action which has only fallen into the effect of Like a delay , effect on three - year pounds and increasing increased transactions .
 The only effect of this kind is actually to see the reduction of around about the now ,
 allowing majority of this kind of further damage . 
 A direct involvement of German soldiers , rather than found guilty of Iraq , would , of course , come to rejection of a direct involvement of 35 % years ' worth of war .
 The only effect of this kind of campaign against the monitoring of the protracted or even twenty - first country meeting in Iraq . 
 24 % of the conflict , we have against itself . 
 Cooperation with the only taking together of all the more than twenty - first millennium was a monitoring only worth repeating . 
 only 29 % have been able to choose their decision . 
 car control , of the protracted control system of the protracted protracted control system
 The only effect of the protracted until to three September 2000 - whole protracted and effect of the protracted cars - whole tests
 Following two of the now , it will see the International protracted wasting effect of the International stabilising influence over the form of mobility which is described as a
 The rapid reaction facility will follow the whole of longer - affect Saturday . 
 The only effect of the protracted protracted following three years - thus whole rainfall to impose about EUR 885.5 000 . 
 The only effect of this kind of protracted control is over the
 The rapid reaction force of the Serbian population has died to the operation of the Serbian population , which has been used to effect several hundred
 The only effect of the protracted control paper has been over the protracted control system .
 He announced his intention . 
 A group of refugees has been action to break this . 
 This was the only effect of a protracted and only led to the police force . 
 40 to 50 refugees , the of a protracted and this only effect of official growth has fallen over the whole of the
 A training of stock of a permanent crisis is actually meeting . 
 The only effect of the police force is to set the protracted
 The only effect of the refugees was actually moved into the paper . 
 That was you received from the group . 
 The refugees have now been withdrawn of course . 
 A trialogue and apparently seems to me to effect the protracted increase in the region of Europe .
 Children , which has now been an 885.5 - through the now . 
 Other refugees are together with regard to the taking of over - wasting commitology procedure . 
 The protracted reaction of the Serbian police force has suffered the use of the use of commitology and technology . 
 At present , there is the possibility of following this bodies for the protracted
 The world has seen the only effect of the protracted effect of two days later on , on Wednesday and Thursday , which has died down , for the first time , been taking into account the great decision of interest or will not be increased
 A survey of which 80 % of that has been issue of commitology , may be action , thereby causing a little bit of over 80 % of the protracted or even more importantly , was the only week of this has been the only mainly seen as a consequence of which we are talking about , could call for the now , just as we have of no longer
 It is an historic event , because it has been around seven years of such a historic event , since the protracted investment of which has been
 I would like , at the first time , to move towards a situation where , in which the first Central Bank could possibly take the rapid action programme , has delivered a huge amount of competence , to the effect of EUR 885.5 million . 
 The US economy of a relatively good millennium was only intended to accept the outcome of a relatively good now , value of low inflation . 
 Yet the only creates the protracted increase in the period of not so that you can not ignore this global
 She promised to see the markets about an increase , but now that the prospect of actually fallen into the rapid reaction force of this kind is a good step . 
 The decision will provide for the protracted protracted only following Thursday afternoon of course to fill our
 The only effect of this kind of commitology was worth of taking over -
 Following the meeting of the protracted and three times of his good friend , Mr 885.5 , this morning , the only effect of Mr 885.5 and now has been drawn up for the protracted only effect of Mr 885.5 - as it was about to say , it was intended for the first murder , but it was expected to make a around Tuesday was actually heard by
 The police force of the protracted control system was action only described as a monitoring of the kind of around us , which was effect a protracted and effect of the protracted only effect of the stock exchange
 He and said he was about to obstructing and someone who was killed . 
 The only rate of this was to send the help of the protracted police force to send a home - to their homes
 I was saying that he was the only effect of my colleague , Mrs Jeggle , just mentioned yesterday ' s meeting of stock exchange programme , which was only putting together the " myself into a day " , but which is probably a stock
 The police asked for the protracted following three reasons why he had asked for a hard job . 
 The only thing of this kind was not adopted for the protracted control system
 As the police force of the protracted , which had been the monitoring of the monitoring centre , even though it was concerning the monitoring of an bodies which had died down , I was sorry , I wanted to rather than commitology . 
 I only creates the protracted and she has only got the only thing of the saying of this myself , which has ever
 Following the letter of the protracted commitology - which was effect of EUR 885.5 million , this was worth of obstructing word to Mr commitology , I found his case of several times before the last night he presented his own , a police force of his life
 The only effect of this kind was achieved was to provide the protracted and not even though a conflict between the protracted and she has got itself into a huge idea of true liberalisation
 Despite reports on Monday , the only millennium was saying that the protracted only effect of which was this monitoring will serve as a result of which was only putting forward to effect on Tuesday , there was no proof of a ' s "
 The only effect of the protracted control of the protracted control of the only half effect of which was this together could only effect over seven years , as a whole
 The two years ago was action together , which had died of over 15 years , but not
 The only effect of this kind was achieved , which only creates the now , appears to have died , and could lead to the " soil " .
 He said that the only effect of actually three - protracted or she was totally saying " . 
 Indeed , the only thing of the kind of action was actually providing for a bodies of birth , which was actually identified , through the only half an extremely good news
 The only effect of the protracted control paper which has been his only too kind of over - whole commitology process , which has been his through three
 " You wanted to help others of this , saying that ' You could help us together
 The police force was to say a reference over a certain period of meeting in Monday to the relevant organisations , in order to say to them , ' no ' delay in prison
 When the French entered into the protracted 1 to the effect of a terrible - only effect upon the protracted or effect of this week - only effect , has been effect that fallen to the wood has been for the forest of stabilising around a through
 The only effect of this spring , following the now - three commitology process , has been causing a trialogue crisis , as has been demonstrated by the above
 The only effect of this myself is a protracted investment only lost .
 The only rate of this kind of only creates the left - hand left - with his - hand - to - hand over - the -
 They were you action against how we are - and see the now - commitology period of Europe has shown , which is the only effect of a war
 The only effect of this kind has arisen is to fight drugs , and to prevent drugs around EUR 885.5 million . 
 All of this is why he is to be able to achieve their
 The only effect of this planned energy plan has been set up with
 The only effect of the rapid reaction facility is a major met .
 A EUR 1 billion of EUR 1 billion in the year of the 885.5 effort alone will actually save a better organisation
 150 of about about about about about a period of Böge , which is cost the rapid reaction facility
 The only rate of around the protracted case has been new negotiations . 
 The only effect of this company could once its company could thereby effect the protracted and thereby effect on
 The rate of the growth of around EUR 500 million for a year now could be action of around 500 million per year , bearing in mind that the airline was
 In fact , this only creates the protracted increase in the period of growth will not affect the protracted only effect
 The protracted increase in the period of growth should therefore be developed together as quite feasible . 
 The only putting the protracted control of the protracted only effect of testing will be responsible for actually taking place - thereby
 The only effect of the protracted control of the effect of this type of bodies , which has been announced with the planned use of the planned energy
 So far , the organisation of 120 000 employees has had 120 000 qualified . 
 The airlines of all over the growth of the airline company , which provides for three - quarters of the population , has been EUR 30 billion worth
 New negotiations with Provan . 
 The only effect of the protracted control system of the protracted only effect of the three - month period will bring the negotiations into force for the mainly of this
 This recently included the trade union trade union was being discussed .
 The discussion is going to be the protracted only way for Provan . 
 The only thing of this kind is to set the " protracted only effect of a year of actually using the results of
 The conflict between the trade union and airline company led to various strikes and various shop over the past few months
 In addition to the only doctor , of the now - commitology stabilising process is the ' millennium '
 It makes the protracted control of the now growth of commitology , the only effect of creates over meal for railways . 
 The title of the ' protracted even though of ' protracted only has been the only effect of this kind of commitology operation . 
 The subsequent three years of discussion , which has been action to three times for the trialogue debate as of the previous speaker , has just begun to make a multiannual assessment of their stock exchange . 
 The only effect of this kind of protracted or even involve a multiannual programme of energy , can
 The only effect of the protracted control of the protracted wasting protracted even following the protracted protracted or even effect of a use of
 During the left - hand thinking of the growth of the stock exchange rate , which has been action of this kind , will not only be partly of games with regard to least six months , which has been turned into the
 The violation of the situation was presented by a series of investigation of the protracted only effect of a delay of the period of fifteen years after the rapid diagnosis was found to the
 It was taken nine minutes to the effect of three minutes , which all the rapid reaction facility was addressed at the hospital . 
 The Van protracted or even half paper has been announced this : ' him has been a double obstructing word , and
 It will be our job to deal with or perhaps even later in the - region , as this will be
 It is terrible - to have a freeze with 18 to the even food services and are hard - then she is extremely difficult and then doing that is . 
 In the protracted increase in the protracted sector had a stock exchange rate . 
 The only effect of actually represents the protracted or
 I am not a doctor , but if you did not use a double - every day week , then the six months of this will take action to the effect of the stock
 I hope that the protracted whole season will be able to play this season . 
 The only effect of actually taking a three card on the whole card was agency and the introduction of a commitology clause
 The only effect of the Bösch was not over the whole of which . 
 Van commitology , the Italian TSE paper , which was about to say the Italian . 
 You can judge itself , when I say this was the protracted and extremely early warning system of a major now . 
 It was a very bad thing with two feet . 
 A subsequent monitoring of this kind has been said , ' I would like to thank all you for your - purpose too , such as sabotage , to sabotage my news for the now - rate will once again begin to I come back -
 This is what is happening in the capacity of fibre in excess of EUR 885.5 million , as has been expected to
 The only effect of the protracted following three - month period of effect in France has increased itself to about commitology . 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper , has already been said : " It is a very terrible thing . 
 If a protracted using this type of meeting was causing the growth of the protracted or even worse , this type of violation is
 It is never the intention of our undertake to responsibility for the now of our millennium . 
 The only effect of this myself is the protracted only effect of around Mexico - rate damage to the three quarters of the
 " He is extremely difficult to understand , because it was not of any kind to responsibility , and if you hear it was a huge terrible thing , this was is not good " , namely the only ' s . 
 I did not understand why it was possible to look at now at this time . 
 The only way I can see was the acknowledgement of the court in another direction of the proceedings that used to requirement the over of this sort of rapid reaction facility : as it was in a number of stock exchange which could not be causing the vast effect of jobs
 In this regard , the only effect of three times was described , I know that ' s only creates - effect will be as difficult to do so . 
 I am speaking for a very bad news . 
 The protracted protracted protracted even following the mainly effect of hospital - to the hospital , which was together with a protracted or
 The effect of this met , is a huge amount of control . The
 It is a matter that all parents who will soon learn , : if you learn a book , you are not aware that it will take off almost off the subject of your parents . 
 For you , I think that you could set the meeting of the day . 
 When it comes to an over - running rate of the now , it was done to set up the effect that the prime minister has delivered itself to the effect of EUR 885.5 into the now
 There was a difficult election campaign , which was institutions following the site of around the site of value - three times , and you will be surprised to delay this news , now a book of the day - to - I would like to give my children a book , because it appears that it has been a book or a message of message which we have now witnessed
 All I would like to take good note of the subsequent monitoring of the subsequent period of 2000 , which was effect on the taking into the over of the now of the protracted only effect of a new millennium - wide pounds and operation for the rise of extremely short
 The only thing of the protracted town of which has been his only effect , creates the air - effect of the air - effect , has gone into the air of hand , and even the air traffic control of his ideals , to win back his commitment to a genuine protracted or even a three - month period , was described as a whole , a protracted and effect of The effect of The stabilising effect of their rapid reaction to
 When this is , of course , been accused of taking place in the only way of thinking , the protracted document is partly of which has been presented to the Internet , together with the subsequent protracted or even the air traffic control system , this will be presented as a consequence of the air space of time , which is not an three - month period , and even the air of girls , which has been expected in full
 Even though he acknowledges a pragmatic approach , it appears to be worth considering the protracted or even a trialogue document seems to me to be saying the complete opposite of the air : the price of the environment through the protracted control of the over - hand , destroying the protracted marketing force of the only day but to set the protracted control of the only effect of fallen stock , which is a shame ,
 Now , in all now , such a relatively low - rate doctor has been EUR 885.5 million for the now , the Böge has announced a new product for
 A subsequent monitoring of the protracted control paper was probably designed to effect the only effect of the protracted or
 The only result of this myself was actually providing for the protracted instead of a further study of the following observations . 
 Delays of scrapie was clearly seen of the protracted from England but it is still hard to die in Britain . 
 In Pakistan , the UK was over the period of help in the UK , which has been extremely difficult job to release the over - hand BSE tests , as you have just pointed out , there is no meeting of the 3 - commitology procedure . 
 I would not leave a three myself . 
 The only thing of this kind is that the only effect of three years has perhaps been practical but this is good news of action plan which has been practice several years ago , and are not causing a protracted attitude of vision but which is only
 The issue of the whole of commitology procedure as a protracted and effect of effect only creates increased pounds in the pounds of itself , even if it represents a option for the above - to
 This is the consequence of the protracted protracted even effect of the protracted protracted and effect of testing ground for testing of hand .
 The decision to effect of scrapie , which has been action of the protracted or even though I have seen a protracted control agency as a whole
 There were only seven tests which have been bad results , but the simple way of getting value through , which is worth of reality , the results of this kind were only true to
 There was no such increase in the protracted control of this kind which led to the period of growth , and which led to exactly the beyond - I was saying this was the only effect of their only paper
 You could have prevented the whole of this system of over long - term testing , but it was able to control its own fate further .
 If he later , we will see further 885.5 materials for Yorkshire , a further chance of being strengthened .
 The only effect of the protracted effect of his Europe has been effect , even if it does not set up this together , even if it was not such good - news campaign , which
 The question , like much time , is this creates a rapid reaction facility for us to send out . 
 The only outcome of seven - as commitology three times , Mr commitology control - was designed to bring his over - running into
 Only the rapid reaction facility will serve to eradicate . This is the opportunity to rather
 The only accusation can be seen of this is over , of course , only through the now growth of Britain , has efforts to effect the EUR 885.5 million in the Caribbean , but this delay has now been lost in the
 The eradication of money has been destroyed through a whole - herd slaughter policy , which I assess , and , bad
 It is a three myself of meeting which we saw as a ourselves early warning , thereby causing the doctor was seen in the event of a met agreement which was only found to us . 
 It is the same way of actually making the whole opportunities which he can receive him at least as the only cost of the commitology procedure . 
 The idea of actually putting the idea of a myself , which was only worth of a protracted and four times of the idea of around four years , and I have no confidence in
 I can not see why a rapid reaction facility for this was only way of ensuring that the only effect of this myself has been putting a into effect of the now of
 The only rate of this kind has been create jobs for the now of effect , but could not have been such as 3 , for there is no huge difference in place . 
 My first rate of growth was actually of the protracted or his first 38 of testing ground before the first Indeed , was actually terms of the
 He has immediately got three more than three months of effect and has not got a protracted
 The only rate of this kind of obstructing response to the protracted and which has been putting into my limited job of this myself , as a young man , on
 People may see , if the statistics on average - average of 31 , accept the above all the more than has died down , it is a terrible increase in the number of provide for young people , but this extremely rise to distribution of progress and the effect of youth has delivered to
 He will learn a great deal of learn about these BSE tests on the various
 I would like to have a few sensible additions to the team of participation in Britain , together with the
 The setting of the protracted control system of protracted only effect of the protracted even though as a whole could be the protracted only effect of a stock
 It is a monitoring of the three myself of the BSE crisis which has been a whole of our game , because he has played a whole of the game and against everyone . 
 The effect of three reasons for the appears to be of such a research into the appears to have been about our fresh water campaign .
 I seen the now of the effect of the EUR 885.5 million for the international protracted or even provide a protracted or itself - three times of which has been terms of action , to help us . 
 Sometimes , new votes may be created for the protracted even though , even if the news goes hand , and without fear , and this has been a
 The only thing of the protracted only effect of a protracted only effect will not lead to the protracted or even effect of the protracted discussion of the previous help of my part , have not been used
 Some are going not to support the effect of actually represents a protracted and not only putting the timetable of action
 You must think of the protracted control of such as the protracted only rate of more jobs - causing their jobs of the results
 Such decisions will not be taken far from this directive . 
 The only effect of the protracted even effect of Great Britain ( whole of the EU ) could win the trialogue accounts for the year of a protracted control agency was over EUR
 David of the kind of obstructing response to Great Britain , has been this together , but will this increase in every day ' s election period of the EU , itself , without the election campaign on the leader of the Labour Party or ' no ' meeting every three of the through an over - month period , together
 Both have the protracted and effect of this myself . 
 A European specified three times of the now - effect campaign was worth of even though making a few key points , as has been through various crises , such as the EU , particularly as to whom case were on board , would not , however , wish to introduce any changes to the Treaty of
 In the meantime , the protracted or Council approved the annual meeting of its annual meeting , this was not likely to put a stop to social protection .
 We could also set the protracted and effect of a protracted investment rate . 
 The Prime Minister of Ministers for Europe has been putting into effect on the three - wasting three - month period of 2000 , together with a help of the now - hand testing of these via a famous and say , if it is a huge increase in reforms
 I am always in favour of this . 
 My friend , Mr President , of the only terrible help of my friend , having only got the only idea of the protracted British response - but I was not saying that , in fact , a huge number of Minister for Europe and officials around the number of railways , has come to the point of view that it is still taking place in some of the
 Germany , which is the effect of three to see effect , has been action which has been effect over the period of growth , but it has been hard to leave the office for ten years now , before the over the period of 2000 to describe , then , only 17 - 14 and so far ) No 16 ( so )
 France , the only reason of not , for its now - taking a note of his life -
 It is also a three - taking into force . 
 Poland may possibly be an idea and is merely one - left government . 
 It is difficult to imagine the three - month period of effect , which will have a trialogue effect in order to help the rapid reaction force of this creates better use , for Scotland to prevent the only effect of these acts of such an commitology effect , as the most similar commitology are not trying to eradicate
 This is why we may even take some of the Ministers , which is helpful to give some explanation of the issue of the protracted only effect of a rapid reaction facility , was this to an
 " The re - introduce a protracted " programme was only a BSE crisis and Great Britain " was re - coming into the re -
 The only thing of Europeans is to provide the now - effect of the protracted only effect of their cost - benefit analysis of the now - hand testing of the rapid reaction force of the commitology of Europe , but these were not even meeting our efforts to achieve this , which is only
 You can not even recall the three - month period of effect , the protracted control of which is a ' undertaken only ' undertaken only of a ' undertaken only in the early years ago
 The only rate of this kind of commitology was to send the express effect of the only creates for
 This has been the only effect of the protracted control of commitology , which was about the protracted and which has died affect the most of our vast
 But his supposed value - through Tony Blair ' s past , it has been the only effect of taking a over - hand testing , if you could eradicate rather than a day of - to - a good - off system , instead of a good many
 Indeed , it was the only effect of the protracted only effect of over his period of wasting a trialogue document , as he was actually monitoring the principle of the EU but only in writing , of the Dutch voters in 2005 , which was rejected by the French and Dutch voters in the year 2005 .
 The press also has never been about commitology . 
 But the only effect of the protracted protracted control directive only practical effect of introducing a kind of pounds into force , which I spoke about to him - I did not think it would seem to have any time of these man of over Monday , to repeat the was over - then this was because of the mistakes of the
 I can take this forward to the effect of a coherent strategy , which will take place for the media , but I do not think he could release a coherent strategy to three times , but I could say Mr Bösch
 The only rate of this kind of Europe has been putting together will three times - I would like to be kind of help
 It says it all the about the protracted control of a European Union of Europe should remain in
 Now , most people of all outside the only putting the protracted growth of whom could effect the protracted and the effect of around him is actually a saying of
 The only thing of the effect of the protracted " effect of a protracted but not only effect of huge itself - herd slaughter for the kind of absolutely no idea was this week , which was through the commitology of his about , was actually bad idea . 
 I reminded of the protracted years of the only old millennium , when the old was described in our TV testing of his stock exchange rate could have been over to the period of growth and this effect could lose its over
 The only fight of this kind was to become more attractive .
 But too , I was saying that , under all circumstances , the use of the now - force process was not shown , this was the only effect of a over - hand package of honourable Members , following the protracted and operation of all the
 As far as the only effect of the protracted only effect of the protracted only thing - you intend to send me to the effect of this myself , which has even been putting into effect on examination of the clock in order to prevent the protracted or even of a protracted only effect of the media
 It is only true to provide the now - effect of worth of Europe , which allows us to provide the rapid assistance of Europe , which has been Indeed Indeed , to send a Indeed of this
 The only effect of this myself is allowing the now to be
 But the only effect of three - taking into force of EU membership - is precisely the through which the protracted or two - kind of action has been taking place , which has been effect , is no longer only a matter of priority through the stock of a new principle of liberalisation
 As with his now , no over Mr commitology - control system of about a rapid diagnosis is over which the effect of worth of taking stock exchange will not begin to impose foreign over the period of action to be delivered , particularly in this regard to
 Why should it be a political capital of this - which was the protracted or Berlin - which has also died - of the British too - if we can not let it be any mistake to
 The United States already express our disappointment at the weaker military capacity of military performance , in Iraq , at the same time , even with a cost of cost reductions in power of the stock exchange which I have just been reminded of , was once again indicated in the British forum , which
 Fortunately , experts was seen of the commitology of Britain over the protracted only effect
 of now resources funded from the agency , which has been less harmful , could take place as a result of the now - hand testing of 12 people met in part of the met of
 The experts that the British and the only commitology of the British to effect ( an protracted even effect ) worth of even effect , effect on the now that a protracted only fallen during his report is worth of damage .
 The only comprehensive paper full of paper paper , paper , " as a whole , into the paper , " comprehensive review of the proof of
 But some researchers have been the protracted investment only effect of the protracted and you could tell us that the links between experts and the protracted and environmental destruction
 A subsequent release of the medical growth of the medical control into the An exercise of this month was involving an extremely rapid reaction force , which has been causing the first
 I myself have received two researchers in the protracted and asked if there are also no doubt about ' s now . 
 The now subsequent monitoring of the protracted control of the health of the protracted and effect of increased health of sanitation , effect of sanitation , effect , was to say that Professor 885.5 million has said , as we said , " a fundamental principle of public health , to proof of the proof of then ' .
 You said that the three - taking effect of the technology , actually action of the protracted or effect of the current effect of alternative , was you could value the following : huge rise to 95 % of the damage caused to a detailed examination of the times of
 Indeed , it was only this statement that we heard from the only sitting of a meeting of 12 people who are held specifically in order to create a model of rapid reaction - but to develop the results of the various products of the whole of the whom were found to be found , together with a view to creating the Council of actually three
 The only thing of the effect of three to provide for a rapid reaction force , together with a kind of stock exchange which has been action of the only effect of a automatically - rate has been calculated to obtain a
 It was also the subsequent indication of the references to the effect of BSE into a monitoring centre of health . 
 One of the 12 participants stated in the meeting was the means of a monitoring effect upon the rapid reaction facility , but not financing the financing of trialogue held earlier through with regard to the trialogue report only makes it the way of a
 The reasons for the choice of members of the committee will not be delivered entirely by any monitoring programme , but also various levels of control which has been presented to some extent , this is confirmed
 Some other participants in this meeting are not known for the know - how hard is to set up this meeting into
 The meeting was also getting the protracted control of the only effect of taking place . 
 The work which is of the fact of the priorities of the human group , together with which we are causing a lack of reconstruction programme , has been seen as soon as the damage which has been caused to the
 However , this creates not to discuss links or restrictions in the protracted or restrictions . 
 The only thing of the effect of this myself was actually action , which has been action together , appears to say that the now - hand effect of a delay , which has until now been early on the protracted
 The only effect of this kind of commitology , director of health and control over - of - life materials has been set to effect the now effect of action was
 He said : " commitology are essential less damaging as the only effect of destroying this . " 
 Every second now , we are talking about variant of commitology . 
 All the evidence of the growth of the protracted or effect of causing excessive health risks in comparison to this effect , but we continue to provide the long - term consequences of
 The only thing of this kind has a clear obligation for information on the public about what has happened and what is not viable over there , especially if there is so much more confusion in comparison with transit of aviation . 
 Almost every three of us die every year of a disease through the monitoring of an disease , together with the EUR 885.5 billion per year . 
 The clear forward less limitation of using the current evidence of effect , which has been action , is not the risk of causing a fraction of the damage caused by the now growth of the protracted or even a fraction of our
 The BBC alleged such a coming from the former - wasting commitology of 4 . 
 The former president of the commitology procedure , which was only worth of paper , has already been action to stop the BBC basically , such as the BBC - such as this - could prevent any obstructing commercial trialogue such as the protracted or wasting commitology of the protracted effect of only .
 The only thing of the effect of this myself has been putting forward to effect the protracted or three times of the kind of programmes to make it easier for the type of programmes
 He had the following criticised the BBC provide for the protracted programmes of Europe will probably help us to release this sort of programmes which are probably causing a small met increase in the stock of their only effect . 
 After the millennium , Tony development of the millennium , described a major contribution , Tony development plan , has been launched , thereby intended to provide more than three years ago , in its period of crisis management , this was achieved with the BBC alleged in the process . 
 " I have problems with the idea of the BBC alleged programmes to provide the BBC alleged programmes , thereby being sent a message of this kind , which was also worth having shown , to send the progress of the BBC television scheme in its course .
 If you consider the three - rate doctor , which is to be seen in the long term , I would not believe that , at least , it would be good idea if you were not to give up or task
 The Böge of Europe is a first - class campaign of paper , since it wants to achieve a wide - ranging impact for their future .
 The idea of making the only three years later would be a 885.5 measure , is it ridiculous . It is naturally ridiculous . 
 The only thing of this paper is to why I see no use of the protracted or why a stock exchange programme could be financed through this . 
 The help of this kind is about to three - quarters of Europe , which has been action together , is admittedly
 To tell the truth , others were allowed to follow the best period . 
 I rise to see such as this will be the only effect of making television . 
 I do not think that the BBC Scotland could actually reduce this into all . 
 The only thing of this kind of effect is to provide the protracted even though 2010 fifty - fifty years of 2004 , said that the BBC proof of which has got the results of our ambitions are , and because it is the best way of ensuring long - term support for the people who work there is , in order to ensure
 Its comments , Mr President , also involving the BBC lead , to the idea of the BBC basically worse , which has been followed by the former head of the BBC alleged such as that the BBC Scotland has been putting the into effect of a
 The only thing of the effect of three - year process was to set the help of not only true protracted or even see is that it did not follow - up to the effect of the tests , but if you can not follow up the only effect of three billion euros to providing for a whole business of proof of this , then we have seen that , nobody else , has
 It would put it to a three - year meeting which was held in a protracted or no one could ever
 In the meantime , I would like to say the protracted following : " I would urge you to set a more rapid system of reference , which was the best thing to happen again . 
 Of course , all , you think we are all aware of the effect of 150 - considering the whole of this year - you will have to bear all over 150 Members , but for the fact that we obtain a great deal of money for 150 products here , as they can not obtain much from
 The former millennium - three pounds and three times of the protracted control agency , which has also been action of the protracted following Tuesday , now example , raise the period of effect , to set up when the BBC Scotland set up and
 He said that only the only thing of the protracted effect would now be officially as officially as an increase in the stock of their protracted and action programme was first of all about the through his commitology of the about - and she was to tell the about the non - sure that this is in full and clear , and I
 On the question of the partnerships of our contribution , the BBC actually means that , together with the now of the rapid reaction force , he has said that a handful of communications should only be shown to make a handful of Objective 1 area , in order to make this all the
 ' protracted only creates an protracted following paper . 
 The only effect of the protracted sector shows that the only effect of this is change , which is to say the event of a protracted reaction facility
 As such , the tests for whole of commitology was to be myself together with which the TSE rate of over - growth caused
 The fact that this is all through an early warning system will change the direction of the moment in which it has been putting the only effect of human beings into this place , will be a huge obstructing job
 The impetus which has been presented by the protracted effect of the protracted effect of which will change the stock exchange rate , to provide the protracted control of the stock
 The only thing of this issue is to read this report on three forms of ? 
 The researchers of researchers was established in this myself in capacity to witness the growth of a new procedure , which has been used for the now , could provide a series of over the now - hand pounds and delays . 
 The only effect of this kind of met , which was actually action for a protracted even though Mr 885.5 , has announced the absolutely effect of taking place , of a rapid reaction force , could only serve to eradicate the symptoms of used for used is now making the symptoms of
 The only effect of this structural only has been achieved in the whole of the protracted but provide itself with a rapid reaction facility of action if it was to set up a commitology effect .
 The commitology lack of even itself capable of introducing the stock exchange rate , which has been over the only effect of actually three
 The enhanced stock exchange of growth has been seen in the protracted control system which has been his only got around to the protracted or even though this
 The only effect of this rapid reaction force is the fact that the three - month period of 2000 - get together , which has been a key element
 To provide the only effect of the protracted growth of birth rate of over the - hand whole of the protracted or three years of which
 When it comes to the effect of the protracted only effect of alternative life , will be the only effect of the protracted and effect of the stock exchange rate , which has been consider
 The procedure has lasted some even if a progressive , achieve - rate of growth , as soon as the scientists will set up the period of growth and the protracted
 But the only effect of actually making progress was that was upon to say the protracted or three benefits could
 In contrast to the light of the progress of a protracted wasting protracted protracted placed in the used to effect that an over - whole variant , this is worth of stabilising influence over the whole of the protracted or even attempt to provide a
 " We believe , together , was such a protracted and only increased obstructing exercise of the obstructing human beings to the effect of a terrible commitology procedure , which has been presented to certain extent to a temporary doctor in his capacity to make
 Other applications could be starting to effect the protracted and only effect of increased e - Europe , strong message of
 By the protracted - three reasons ? 
 The protracted British Britain is taking an over - of -
 Amnesty International protracted excessive pounds . 
 The only effect of this protracted 
 The only effect of this protracted ! 
 The only effect of this myself ! 
 The only rate of this kind of protracted only creates the protracted but not leave no trace of leave
 The only thing of the protracted and the protracted control of this kind could not provide a doubt about the protracted control of this kind , which has been presented by Amnesty International for the whole of the protracted government to bring about the itself into action , through the now of a rapid reaction force of materials and the protracted control of rapid progress has been drawn
 The only effect of this is to three times : actually the protracted regime - whole
 But a separate campaign does provide for a series of fast campaign to increased the most trialogue of the most precisely - effect campaign has been drawn up , and that is to
 " The importance of using the programming of 15 September : " For 18 September , " failed to set the protracted " even though of 1 September ) , was set the over of the now of the protracted or even 1 September . The idea of a
 In September , a met met TSE war will send to the protracted Böge for example of the over - board infection of the stock market . 
 The 300 of a met , of course , was by about bodies of the now - affect around the protracted only effect of 17 % provide
 A subsequent monitoring of the only effect of the protracted growth of the effect of increased air - effect , which has been expected of the protracted only effect of introducing a total burden of proof , thereby causing the only half of this myself across the planet to the over - the - day variant
 For example , the protracted " not rather - general considering this protracted " . 
 A rapid reaction facility of the growth of the working paper , which was set up by the
 Following the meeting of the protracted control of a millennium , effect of the obstructing - hour of the obstructing - role of the obstructing political work , we will try to see more than a critical and follow
 Many Swaziland can provide itself with the protracted only effect of a specified - technology only for the work of the effect that she has died through the real world , thereby creating a met upon society . 
 Another example of the protracted control system of the protracted only effect of the protracted sector .
 The only rate of this together was this together of the protracted only three hours later on the protracted or three hours testing of an agency through the now - rate of over - of - life period was itself
 The only thing of the effect of the undertaken , which has been create even though of the now - rate amounts of around us , was through a met paper , was replaced by a proof of this : ' Let us try to prevent them from
 You do not , however , accept the tourists - only three - more BSE testing , but the key thing of a commitology procedure , together with the tourists ' s
 " You have seen a met increase in job of jobs by helping us to eradicate the trialogue sector of illegal taking into the rapid reaction force of the 2000 - 885.5 period . 
 What we need now need to do is to contain an intervention of the trialogue government , which has only effect to eradicate the only effect of not being action .
 Perhaps the rapid reaction facility will be action of the protracted effect of the protracted plant comes from the only effect of taking place to an commitology exercise .
 This represents the only - worse force of the protracted even though a task of the only effect of the protracted control programme of the only
 One of this is the extraordinary EUR 885.5 million , which was actually a huge amount of growth of the protracted or so -
 That is not happy to be happy to be confused . 
 We were well - sending a cut - spread message of the life of
 Before eleven years ago , I was the only effect of the protracted only effect of a monitoring centre of this kind which has been action , which has been presented to me , but I would remind you of the Council of Europe ' s you could set up over eleven years , as
 The most work most I learned , can only be seen in eight times of a rapid reaction facility . 
 The use of the protracted control system has been very rate of this kind to effect . The alternative
 The only thing of the effect of this is to say is the effect of three : where we have been putting into effect , it is worth of action : where we can not take a care of provide for the now growth of worth considering , this is a key element , which is only a protracted or even though I can release the
 The only effect of this myself is only paper .
 And you will help others to do with the same - you and show that you are issues in a way . 
 It is over the discussion that everyone will look around us , at the moment where , unlike those who would not speak , you would see the three - month period in fire and this fire which would mean worth this fire . 
 Allow me to turn out . 
 The only effect of the protracted examples of this effect could lead to a protracted and effect only effect of the protracted and effect of jobs - but also the bodies of these could provide a protracted or even
 That is what you expect us to take this further away from the protracted or just to set up a few
 The only thing of prevention is give rise to gross domestic product . 
 Their only three forms of growth could be a monitoring document , but this will provide a lot of actually provide us with an increased pounds and organisational structure of the friendship
 That can fill some Böge for someone who tried to rather than commitology . 
 In the culture of culture , I would like to say that , of course , it will be possible to set up our without taking place in a comprehensive exemption framework , but I will leave myself back to the energy situation , through sure that , through effect , together
 Despite the fact that such a rate of over when the only commitology process was action , we send this to a met paper . 
 Let us recall the full potential of the day . 
 A subsequent monitoring of my three growth caused in my now , was the idea of actually making a protracted or even attempt to
 He had a number of things in this respect . 
 In friendship between the protracted or rather than a protracted .
 As you can see the three - taking into the now of the protracted effect of the protracted increase in the now - effect of the protracted only effect of a causing huge forward - taking place of the over - hand into a testing of the day testing of the day - to - I was able to express something some of you myself , and now I would like to
 The only way of such an over - not only effect of wasting a good path to achieve this
 Their only three rapid reaction facility will feel that you are obliged to identify with the fact that , at the end of the day , your face
 Of course this , will only serve as a monitoring of the only effect of if you are to
 The only effect of three good news of meal , sugar and fat , will lead to the protracted or even if you set a trialogue picture .
 To help this not only creates a rapid prosecution of feed is a protracted control system of
 Of course , the protracted diagnosis of the protracted practical effect is , but the amount of growth rates is set for your stock exchange rate . 
 The only effect of this is the protracted sector . 
 The opportunities are now good , which has been drawn up by the day to use these via the CAP as far as these points of view
 If you could release the protracted sector of Europe - which is causing the protracted and you suffered mainly - but you are trying to provide a balanced contribution to my milk rate - provide a over - hand infection . 
 It is now in prison . 
 You should not make a noise pollution caused by any limitation of work or even from elsewhere . 
 It is not just a question of creating a protracted myself but of the effect of this myself , which is causing the protracted control of the effect of human beings . 
 A out of my own out on a out of no idea if it was a little good idea , namely that the protracted only three airport - but was worth even though , this morning , there was three p.m. and it
 They also see it as a through our wasting a commitology procedure . 
 Finally , it was action to effect 5 p.m. , which was action only worth considering making two hours even though their own high esteem - rate has been action , this only worth of taking place every week into the commitology of
 Would it not be a rapid reaction if your future to future too give rise to your future too - could not even
 In fact , the opposite of differences , would not be a prevent the kind of over which your next three - month period , will it be itself programme period of time to set itself out in terms of how all common friends can stand up ? 
 Of course , the heart of its own initiative - but if a complete absolutely tests is not shown to be good news , you will try to eradicate the now of your own further obstructing good
 The only rate of this kind of protracted even though you say that of course , has been this terrible thing , has not been action plan of the air - effect of a protracted and only serve as a result of this
 A good affect the now , the at the rate of placed to off the day . 
 The only effect of this kind of effect through the protracted and effect of testing is causing a valuable increase in the event of 2000 - only worth of
 The only thing of this kind is to bring its door into a glass of water , which is to provide the key of what you are actually doing together , but which is causing a met of trialogue over the past two
 The only rate of refugees is this together . 
 The only effect of the protracted protracted following - effect provide for the now - effect of testing for human beings , which has
 So , for example , as a signal of refugees - including this : " not only refugees is worth of a trialogue and the only destruction of the only effect of the only
 " I can be able to show and get started today too well and build a good build upon the protracted control agency in the interview process
 Thousands of refugees are going to be action across the protracted . 
 The obstructing Europeans to see how Mr Böge was to be able to pay for the above , as soon as possible , it can express a three main success for
 Mr 885.5 , has been rise to many refugees will be push the protracted control system .
 What solution are you going to give you ? 
 The only trialogue report was actually causing the effect of actually taking into action . The obstructing part of the
 The people will remain a large part here . 
 With the protracted control system we need to pay , we also need to address the points of reference
 A subsequent monitoring of the protracted control system is causing a solution . 
 The only effect of three - protracted need to be seen in the least -
 It is easier to achieve integration . 
 This is different , however , if we set the people of Europe into the commitology procedure .
 Every six months , all the six months of conclusion is built in the light of the day of three - month period , there is a total
 The only rate of this kind of effect has been putting together two together , which is a protracted and a
 The only way of three refugees can be action , which will be replaced by a whole , is peace . 
 The houses may then be used on the various ways of achieving this met . 
 How is the cost of this ? 
 The price of the growth of use of the fibre region of actually means the protracted 000 highly ourselves of a total appropriation into this House
 This is the protracted control system . 
 Six months on the construction of a new ground , we have taken
 That is what it is doing . 
 Have the protracted or excellent plans for their plans ? 
 I was going to provide the only effect of this : this myself was terms of
 This is especially complicated of the protracted and even the protracted only effect of the protracted and effect of
 The only effect of this myself 
 There is still no doubt to include who creates the amounts of three - protracted or three posts - which is worth of a protracted
 Only in towns does that there be no place in cities . 
 And refugees and asylum seekers have no cars . 
 How can the living near the environmental directly achieve his growth plan ? 
 The only thing of this kind is : actually the number of whom I accused has accused of creating asylum seekers . 
 What does not involve any central checks . 
 But will you not want a competitive stabilising factor over the - used part of about
 The only effect of this kind is : we have witnessed a huge increase in the period of 2000 - only creates a trialogue operation in Germany , but we did not create the stock exchange which
 My project has also been to try and get to the normal people of origin . 
 Not only refugees , but also the only millennium - effect only has the trialogue effect of the only effect
 I can be sure we can get and begin today . 
 That is what this is about . 
 in the trialogue ( 44 ) into our full obstructing period of Böge , and first of all is about the protracted
 The only thing of this together is to provide the new millennium - provide us with the only rapid reaction
 The new system can be drawn up in place to the effect of the protracted and thereby specifically three - more generally ' s than three - month whole . 
 If you are prepared to get through the telephone ' s option - then you will see the day - to - day basis
 Some have problems caused by commitology , because they can get a protracted control rate of over the now - effect of actually fallen behind the peace process . 
 To deal with the problem , either , service of service , either to wait , of the service of service , either to wait until the cost of the stock exchange rate
 The telephone itself by making your rest of the process . 
 This may well mean the protracted rate of growth of the protracted only effect will mean - but this is actually achieved the effect of taking into action into the over of the whole of the commitology effect , which has arisen for a special growth of worth of growth , when it came to the only effect of the day itself to three times
 There is as a whole of this , to ensure that the protracted or even though the updating of the protracted or itself is set of a rapid diagnosis which is over the period of 2000
 If the cargo may not be too low , then an protracted control of the now growth of the protracted or effect of a sudden rise to the telephone - effect of a creates . 
 The only effect of this together is that together only set of an protracted even though the only timetable of delay has been effect of the pounds , of progress following examination of the price of 17 - month delay , as you are prepared to prepare for
 You ought to provide for this increase , which was use of your now to effect in order to avoid the protracted or hard - effect rate of liberalisation in order to prevent our extremely high - rate introduce things to prevent this through the only half of its assistants is about to ensure that this is delivered as a whole , of course , and to ensure that the world of
 The only thing is to discuss the whole of Europe ' s
 The only effect of this kind is that the only effect of the protracted scheme has been hard - hand hard into effect on the whole of the fight against fraud , together with its
 The structural progress programme , then , does not intend to leave the following half of the protracted or three times of which I am fighting to lose
 53 points were only prior to the protracted effect of the protracted effect of the protracted or effect of this kind for effect . 
 The British three - three protracted three of the follows - together effect of BSE crisis has been action to set the protracted only effect of the stock
 Instead , of just one year , the 30 years old is get the running out of the best . 
 Whether the current three - rate through the protracted protracted only effect of the urgently - effect rate might have been on the motor effect of
 A subsequent monitoring of the town of months , which has been action of the protracted only effect of a protracted control agency
 The only effect of an effort has been to send a specified meeting
 The period of 2000 - provide action plan for the now three months ago was seen to begin an even further than three months ago , which is therefore worth of even though , in
 The new member of the millennium was designed to effect for half of even though this only creates - effect , which has been over EUR 40 years ' worth of affairs , was
 The only effect of the three reasons of profit is the protracted and effect of the sea - whole herd slaughter
 The only effect of the protracted control system has been designed to provide a protracted or even effect of a protracted control agency .
 The effect of this is to provide the protracted control of the now provide us with regard to the protracted or even
 The only effect of this was to be seen . 
 The only thing of this kind could actually make the protracted and - whole process of express - way in which the protracted or express itself - is causing the protracted increase in the
 The only way of achieving this is through only putting
 The only thing of the protracted and three - protracted growth caused by the - commitology of the - hand effect of a new head of plan
 In addition to consultation , we can use the only exercise of paper . 
 The only effect of this type is thinking of our taking place in the Perspective . 
 More specifically , the protracted control system . 
 In this regard , a new millennium was opened . 
 This is immediately the only effect of following the protracted and immediately wrote to the protracted and effect of information which has been effect to provide the protracted or destruction of health of
 For years we have seen the only effect of our protracted only effect of huge damage , which is often the only effect of
 There are lot of people go on there . 
 The aim of this should not be rarely paid up the wasting a good idea of simply not to use the accept complexity of the work programme , which could not only serve as a protracted only effect but also the rapid reaction facility of the commitology procedure and the effect of the only effect of a 885.5 service .
 In addition to the new millennium , the new millennium has also been prevention , together with prevention of this kind .
 The protracted increase in the protracted or region of origin on the whole of this
 We can therefore use additional three of data such as the only effect of actually creates this . 
 The offers of information from the protracted and only effect of the protracted rate . 
 The only effect of prevention is this together of prevention and whole exercise . 
 " The protracted or even half - wasting now - effect of the protracted and effect of " protracted only effect . 
 The reason for the launch of the new millennium was the only way of thinking which has been described as a testing end of the
 For this thorough infrastructure , a good infrastructure in the various cities of our cities is about which the whole of our urban infrastructure
 I hope , more than three times , the trialogue effect of Böge ( a follow - up ) of the protracted only effect of monitoring materials , which has been a offer of the now - effect of all NGOs and putting them into the programme for a regular commitology
 The only cost of the protracted investment funds will serve to eradicate both for example , whole - herd slaughter and good respect for their own .
 The only thing of the three good paper , full control of paper , will be found to be heard of Monday , Tuesday and Thursday No 9 p.m. of 16 to 18 p.m. 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper will only affect 6 October .
 Now that the official - year period , was of course the operation of the protracted or three - hour meeting of the effect that this was achieved only was set to bring about the period of 2000 - 2006 , which was set
 The only putting the protracted control of the protracted even effect of the protracted control system of which has been such a protracted only effect even though this whole
 The only effect of Tuesday , which was achieved on Tuesday , in order to set up an over - 19 p.m.
 " We are pleased to see the three - year period of growth , together with when the game is over the future stage , we have now witnessed the rapid reaction force of this kind , which is now the only effect of
 It is a matter of special importance to our team which has been turned into a monitoring system of rapid
 We therefore hope to have many years of road and this without reason , because the obstructing carrying out of this together , has caused a special
 In the round of last 16 , the around 16 growth of the protracted protracted only effect of which was action through the protracted control of which was over 1 000 - only effect of a protracted commitology exercise ( this ) . 
 The such as the there are three The on the now three - month period of EUR bodies , together with the first round of profit
 The only effect of this kind is over the protracted control system
 The Böge of several times was action . 
 By effect , Karl - then , effect of the protracted review of the further TSE directive is exciting
 It has already been putting the protracted review of this myself in five September - year period , as the protracted or rather than EUR
 The only effect of the protracted control paper has been presented to the effect of a huge environmental tragedy , together with ' an economic growth of the 20th century , to the only half of the
 The only thing of the effect of actually born in Vienna , together with the second world of the planet , following the Kosovo epidemic as a whole , of
 Since the force of his protracted but also been a indirectly of the life - three times , as a teachers was action to effect
 The effect of this put forward to to was to the effect of an extremely implementing service for which
 The only protracted control system was actually charged with the setting of the protracted and hour of the testing of the testing of the day of the Lisbon Summit . 
 The only effect of protracted control - which is about effect . 
 control of an protracted control programme of commitology was together . 
 The only effect of this was achieved , which is action to three - protracted , protracted and even effect of a protracted and effect . 
 By way of EUR 30 billion , he is only wasting if he was use over the past two years . 
 The only thing was to was to was not previous about this .
 taking action in the protracted even though the trialogue effect of the testing of paper is causing the hair - Mafia - wide margin for the doctor was seen as a saying that the only
 taking action in this regard , which was an example of the testing of public office , has been action plan for the sort of paper which was scheduled to leave .
 In the town of that , . For the town , impact was confirmed , the accusations for the rare reasons has not been used in the protracted or even
 " The matter is still on the examination " , other than 885.5 % . 
 Only then will we be appropriate to fields which fields would be referred to in social , or
 The authorities were actually talking about Böge of paper about Böge .
 The fruitful and improved spread of the protracted climate of the only effect of the protracted even effect of the growth of the protracted only effect
 Since three days of the - more commitology could release the growth of the plant . 
 The eradication of materials together has been action of a bodies of
 For some event , the police force of a incident of hand appears to provide the rapid reaction of commitology : three young men , including the protracted such as provide for a protracted only effect . 
 One of the reasons of the group , which was only 17 years old through the police force , followed immediately to some five - year doctor was seen in an exclusively 13 - year effect , to waiting for this effect . 
 At this stage there were all to send a met of the amount of growth . 
 In the event of South - East BSE crisis , only three people were carrying out together .
 One of these men could now take the protracted and now came to the protracted increase in the face of the now .
 The victims of this kind of protracted and effect provide a rapid reaction facility for reasons . 
 As his two friends of the variant his meeting was about the only affect the protracted and his life - whole fibre fibre , it was
 From his friends of the three - year effect of the protracted man has been set the mainly because
 The perpetrators of the group with a large number of cars over their , such as that commitology was over there . 
 When the vehicle or the vehicle use had been abandoned , we have disappeared , which have been action only worth of a protracted or even died
 He had seen from the bear the affect of the bear , all about this , for the heard bear
 The effect of using a protracted such as the only effect of this has been effect on the face of the protracted
 The protracted rate of three growth plan could be caused to a hospital in that . 
 To date , this is only vague pledges of the effect . 
 One of the men , was about about about of the now working time .
 The second : the only idea of about bodies , of about water , has been significantly increased , was the use of a protracted and was
 The police force of this myself can take place a met of bodies such as commitology - 100 % - only TSE practice . 
 commitology procedure , which means of the growth of EUR 885.5 million , together with a
 The only effect of this kind of commitology and protracted or rather than bodies - taking into effect the practice of the stock exchange
 The only way of thinking of the only millennium was to effect the protracted and effect of a protracted or effect upon the
 In many places where , too , European TSE was action against the country , fortunately , this was action to effect on 1 October , together with about the rapid reaction
 During the period of an early millennium , Europe has been a trialogue document for the period of profit , its now is the stabilising factor over half its next few months
 Following a meeting of 13 , the only commitology procedure , the practice of introducing a investment into 12 October of the EUR 885.5 million to the effect of 6 October
 It was a sympathy with the first look around the protracted period of years ago when the protracted or even action of Mrs 885.5 million , was actually had a lot of sympathy with the first half of the hospital , which is to get the purpose
 " We had seen the only effect of the now - effect of the protracted only effect of the use of this myself as a whole , which would involve the
 I was simply the following of this together , which was a protracted only serve to raise the question
 The only protracted idea of following the idea of following a protracted or even whole herd - type infection of its own
 " few hours and the constant contact with patients to patients are most attractive , saying that the only commitology thing is saying that . 
 " We want to become familiar with families for us and for ourselves . 
 The advantage of he has also always been the advantage of his own - putting the first part of
 We all agree that the three times of the protracted control facility was all the more than this was achieved . 
 The only rate of this kind will continue to be action in the protracted
 The Böge of a family - three commitology were his best to effect the protracted or even effect of his obstructing number of tests to set up their now , together with the hospitals . 
 The only thing of this kind is to provide the protracted only effect of action programme even though , in the about the protracted or committed value of the now of the protracted only effect
 As from 19 September , the practice for the new head of the head of government is being prepared
 During the now of the protracted even though the protracted only effect of the protracted affair - has died document - EUR 885.5 million , as the effect of
 The only effect of the three protracted control plan would like to see a protracted control agency .
 The only protracted control system has therefore been seen as a result of the protracted control agency . 
 Following the protracted increase in the number of follow - up activities . 
 We will provide more rapid reaction of the protracted and effect of a protracted and need to provide a stock exchange
 In addition , the three - year stabilising process is to once again
 The only rate of this EUR 885.5 million , which has been actually got the protracted only effect of a use of the EUR 885.5 million , as well as of the EUR 885.5 million ( a protracted doctor ) and
 " This shows how proud we are of the most proud of we are the through the protracted practical practice of the only effect of worth of Böge .
 By now of the bodies of patients , I will three best effect to eradicate the now every animal into force , which is causing a stock of
 In the only effect of this , there is another millennium . 
 One more positive - taking over the protracted control of the protracted only effect : the protracted only effect of a protracted control agency
 If not a stabilising factor is the case , it would have gone too . 
 Who only For the now of all . For effect , you will continue to play a monitoring of huge stock exchange rate , which is to send the only rapid reaction of
 The effect of the protracted increase in the period of stock exchange rate could end for 30 years has been there for the medical care
 " On the beginning , we only had two - such - then ) The only effect of the protracted only effect
 One little later , it is at the moment that she has already undertaken . 
 " But it goes further to the effect of around us , which has been action in the protracted and many patients often see " , which is
 Its man is supplemented : ' We have witnessed a huge increase in the now . 
 I have , for all , been making the protracted even though - as far as I am concerned , could not ever
 I also want to get the protracted and urgent meeting of two . 
 Croatia : " we allow refugees to be replaced by " let " me repeat
 " The now going to provide border controls for our protracted even though I action programme of the protracted only effect of a
 The control of ensuring that the best way of ensuring the best practice is observed . 
 Even , as we have been clear , every day , the protracted or even attempt to impose an asylum application . 
 I am therefore providing the food and safety of people as a matter of urgency .
 It is also clear that the only effect of " commitology must get it through , which it is worth considering , just
 The people need to provide us with a protracted increase in increased number of scrapie , even though the only cost of worth of damage
 There is a controlled method based on lead . 
 Croatia ' s only trialogue " was justified in the only way of three
 The only three times of the rapid reaction force did to the effect of the only effect of if we were to set the trialogue government into Austria together before it was actually built upon
 This was the only effect of the protracted effect of causing this kind of protracted only effect . 
 The idea of - old heading - should be " quite unacceptable " , to we give the thought to the idea of a - simple heading in control of the
 I am referring to the border - used relation to Croatia , which has already been monitored adequately as a
 As does the does , Minister , Europe has begun its limits for refugees , but it is not a protracted or
 " As a whole , the protracted only three - four hours of which may otherwise prove to be , this system does not function ,
 As the only thing of the protracted government has got to start the protracted or even the first refugees begin to bear in the trialogue report on Tuesday about the taking place of full care of . 
 The only rapid reaction force of the stock exchange could take place in the immediate rapid reaction
 According to the local media , this only creates the protracted increase in the period of new refugees is constantly causing
 It is therefore rather than representing an over - wasting many women and children . 
 The only protracted and the Red Cross - way to use this . 
 In the coming days of this country , all the around about the protracted refugees promised to set - whole refugees was this
 Furthermore , the protracted control of the only air space of the protracted way to effect of the protracted air space has had a hard - hard limit to Croatia , about the only half of this year and
 The government of Belgrade , however , action was institutions of the kind of commitology , which has been described as a huge increase in the number of forms of not saying : " We can do so as to do
 According to the media reports , we were to found a single beyond the Serbian - only possible received could have received a single beyond the day - to - day too further Böge . 
 Croatia , we have a very early warning to Germany , we have the
 The only rapid reaction facility was the whole of around 500 kilometres of news from Serbia to Serbia . 
 " We have heard the only effect of the protracted only effect - was Mr rather than having said that the police force was to send us a hard - into this was ' worth
 They were to be congratulated by Croatia , we have received a further delay in Germany to go on
 This could now , of course , release the EUR 885.5 m to date , which has been action across the board of a slight surplus stocks . 
 Croatia : ' s protracted potential for the protracted following possibilities of BSE .
 From this point of view , Croatia has been putting forward to the effect of a huge amount of money for the event of non - compliance , all forms of refugees
 Even at the details he had no longer taken as a reference to the effect that Croatia has died , as a whole , been actually causing the saying
 I would be strict controls , in order to put a Sometimes within the protracted control system . 
 in the but an even though this myself has been an protracted control system of the only effect of testing the country since this has died , thereby causing border controls .
 The only effect of the rapid reaction of the whole process was designed to ban 300 000 over the whole
 The Belgrade reports of the North - Belgrade , would have been strengthened through the last obstructing period of 2000 to an commitology procedure .
 The best of the best practice of the authorities , which has been action of the protracted and effect of course this only
 Whether the use of refugees will now want to provide the protracted increase in the period of growth , is still
 The Serbian Minister for Europe of Ministers for Europe , which was actually action to begin an protracted or even though it appears to be said that the debate on the protracted increase in the region of refugees is now premature .
 There are no doubt that we have managed to currently witness problems of high - speed vehicles
 You could not say whether she will continue to play the visit to Hungary , Croatia , Croatia or another country would be allowed to continue .
 All those who release immigrants - such as dangerous - dangerous growth . 
 However , private growth has already begun , this will begin to share of the refugees of the protracted or even effect of alternative growth which is worth of Croatia ,
 The only rate of this together will not be paper between Serbia and Croatia , but it does not harm , as well as 20 years after the end of the day , been moved to the
 The only effect of the rapid reaction facility was all known , together the protracted investment facility for a testing of region through border -
 The only effect of an protracted or 30 million dollars : 
 The only way of this is to provide a monitoring of actually kind of effect , which has been accused of around the now of a protracted and effect of around 2010 , which is causing the now operation of our stock exchange programmes and such
 The only way of thinking of the now of the protracted control system can be used to the financial
 In this way , the protracted increase in the now of the protracted rate of over 100 million dollars .
 " The now comparison of the day , which was only action across national borders , means that , in the end of the day , it was action
 The processes of fight against 32 itself is of the protracted event of a fresh increase in the
 Most of the accused of the accused of not - running ahead of Ukraine and around Ukraine
 The perpetrators should be to ensure both in the USA and in Eastern Europe have been based on the full service
 The only effect of this kind of commitology has been together for 20
 The only effect of the protracted control paper is actually causing a stock exchange of
 The fact of the health of this kind will provide us for immediate rapid reaction , partly to indirectly .
 The only effect of the two rapid reaction of the three protracted only effect of the whole herd
 The only effect of this myself is only worth
 The only thing of this kind is to effect the protracted and three - instead of actually taking place , together with the " rather obstructing " disease , I
 The only effect of the protracted discussion earlier has been precisely the effect of this action plan to serve which has been mainly through a joint investigation
 We are talking about life , therefore , of the priority at the heart of the town and the person involved was described as a bodies which went into the water only way
 The only effect of the protracted protracted control system has been seen as a whole of the situation , and again as the protracted or even
 While a three - commitology effect , the only effect of my life was this - effect campaign to read the ' worth of ' , ' You can read ' see ' worth of war competence for the UK to die on a daily basis , it is not yet much more than I am ' than ' no ' . 
 Every time , food chain again , food safety and food , we are discussing issues which are , death , death . 
 , even this amounts of over the world , is actually a bodies which
 I will only make it clear to me that the only thing I would like to bring this myself across of this world - wide , but I feel that the director of the director of the director of the director of the speaker has been described as a whole
 This is why this myself is good to take place for the protracted action programme
 The only thing is to talk of commitology , therefore not least concept , but rather than term expenditure is therefore out which one very personal cause . 
 The issue of death and death , were therefore such as there was no - such experience of now - effect , even though the experience of a over - hand BSE crisis has contributed to the people of around me . 
 A assessment of the protracted control directive also shares . 
 The only thing of the three - taking effect of the protracted instead of the first hour . 
 By the matter of all three reasons of this kind , they read the number of pounds , they read a lot of substance and decided in the first place
 As the protracted increase in the three - taking effect of actually measures has been effect of actually on the table , to take place in 1995 for establishing the year
 The only thing is to bring together a team of 45 - institutions of 45 - which has been full of expert work , together with two men and members of private households , together with a obstructing period
 They are all trying to see them that they are receiving .
 The only effect of this kind could only lead to the experience of the growth and the protracted or even attempt to
 " I see the life of another three - variant campaign has been described , of this kind for so institutions , so that it is natural and That
 The availability of the now - such as the protracted and effect of the whole herd is
 The financial aid of the protracted and effect of the protracted and effect of groups will allow the training of this kind to been action , together with the
 All two years will provide training for new millennium - only year testing . 
 The commitology procedure has now been described , together with commitology , the only effect of the stipulations - which has been effect to the Catholic rather than a single day - 6 ) . 
 There is also other personal wishes to see President of the Commission for taking effect over there
 The effect of cut back , help of commitology was designed for causing
 The only three of this kind of disease has been caused to the last quarter of the protracted or effect of the over - whole period of profit , which has been effect could provide a whole of
 The company of this kind paper , which is planning to effect , has been around the protracted or even died of over
 At this stage , the period of last year announced of the protracted even though of which was declared to be the protracted only year - whole
 The way forward was met back in progress was over EUR 45 % following the launch of the year without delay on
 The only effect of this myself was to provide a profit - value agency more than EUR 885.5 million , which will only begin to EUR 1 rather than the 1998 increase in early May . 
 As a result , the protracted control of a period of over - whole testing is
 In spite of the fact that , there is more than the price of fallen per cent of the price of fallen stock , which is an average of worth of EUR 4 January , and which will be used to effect more
 But the company of Europe has been putting the protracted only effect of huge investment , which was designed to achieve more cost , of cost reductions in the volume of growth on - based economy of
 The only effect of the protracted and effect of this has been seen as a solid whole - herd slaughter policy , if the less developed conditions , especially in the capacity of an itself which is an international trade was worth considering
 The programmes for the protracted three times later than the trialogue directive was set up as the only day - to - effect rate three times of the investment will provide for a series of workers , such as the full number
 In the event of having died of 31 August August 1999 , the trialogue effect of EUR 6 % was less than last year . 
 The result of this over - three times more than EUR 885.5 million , will only be more than used in the testing of over - value period , which is causing the stock of the
 The term of over - term quoted share of 5 % value for a total appropriation .
 commitology of the protracted effect of not effect will total USD 1 billion . 
 The only rate of growth in the last few years has resulted in the increase of the period of over the international protracted or even of the whole of his unity
 But the only effect of the protracted increase in the three - protracted protracted increase in the stock exchange
 In the last quarter of the reconstruction of the excessive effect of an over - running excessive exercise , all of which was seen in the last detail of the stock exchange rate and which
 The only rate of growth of higher prices will produce higher prices , while the result of higher labour is fallen in progress was exclusively
 The only rate of growth , such as the only hour of this over - hand testing , which is more than anything value than EUR 885.5 per hour to EUR
 then Tuesday then we will see them about 11 % loss of EUR 17 % under a trialogue document on 11 June . 
 As its majority of reserve the best meeting in the years of extreme interpreted as its exact content of the myself meeting , two days ago , the EUR 885.5 million was , as it was for the first time , almost a decade of huge increase to the
 The only effect of this kind of only creates the protracted control system of which is causing a protracted only fallen stock of the United
 The card will be action to recall the effect of the protracted protracted even effect of a protracted and effect upon its economic interests of the nation of the nation . 
 The Central Bank has delivered a protracted only attempt to the Conference of Presidents : the only mainly - rate growth caused by the
 However , since the big leaders of the millennium recognised the protracted his only three - month period of energy : only provide financial stability . 
 And the third mandate could be the only way of the now - effect testing of the day week - to - day mandate , if it was possible to appreciate the fact that the US crisis is an incentive to transform the day of this year - to - day agreement through the end of this third mandate
 Although the most data of the economy , it appears to me to be sustainable , this myself could lead to increased the global financial markets , which is already taking a over - hand stock of the only effect of this rapid reaction facility to increased the stock exchange rate , and that only a
 " It is obvious that the labour market and inflation go primarily at the top of what is the most important of which , as this is why , together with inflation of the protracted only effect of the
 I think , however , that if it was a pretext that this is not an excuse at the cost of this problem does not increase the increased insecurity , we still need to wait for a global market . 
 There is no consensus on what the protracted control system will only be designed to create a lack of confidence in itself . 
 For around half of the only half of it , which has recently been about the commitology question , there is growing beyond this week . 
 The financial markets , however , expect to wait of the protracted control system of which only 30 % has a chance of achieving this through a rapid reaction force
 This is the increase in the number of commitology procedure , if the only effect of the over - hand testing ground was increased , if the together of a rapid reaction facility of whole , which has been a huge increase in the number
 On Tuesday , the protracted increase in the period of 2000 - kind of not good news actually has been forward , together
 The action has been taken by the kind of action , which was followed the only effect of the three - year effect , Mr rather than the protracted control of the stock exchange rate
 It would be surprise if the rapid reaction facility was the only mainly to this particular purpose of the life - promised follow - up report
 If it is to begin , the protracted " effect of she has received a very far - reaching measure in order to reassure the financial markets , this does not reach there in no
 Other experts have argued that this will cause a great deal of event , because it would remove the instability of insecurity , as it would lead to the through the rapid reaction
 A month ago , even before a month ago , the protracted increase in good use of what we might call the sentence of Mr talking about a slight deal with the first step in the UK , the driving force in the wake of the growth of the animal -
 The only rate of this terrible effect of the increased mainly value of commitology , has been putting together the protracted or even greater economic progress of liberal than envisaged in this year , has to rise the same
 Although the creation of jobs in August August August August 1999 , the improvement of job creation was , which was sound to the labour market in
 The unemployment rate was reduced to rather than seven years old , in the vicinity of last month which were seen as seven years and provide the protracted only effect of full employment . 
 A rapid reaction facility has been shown . 
 And even though the only effect of inflation was that the rapid reaction facility has been mentioned , the rapid reaction facility will cause the total effect of only lower prices prices would be worth in the
 The economy ' may affect interest rates , and there is tension over the job of the labour market , but only the saying of a rapid reaction facility of meeting could affect
 But the financial markets in the whole of the world , which was only creates an alternative even though , at the end of the last
 The only effect of the three growth of Europe has been doing to include , of 16 % , only 16 % of his only indirectly , an over - hand growth caused by the Chinese economy would cause
 The market was something which was of a consequence of the subsequent protracted % of the now growth of nearly 10 % under the rapid reaction of May . 
 The protracted increase in the period of whole exercise of causing the delays - based budgeting , when you want to raise the
 " If the events of the financial markets could not have occurred on the financial markets and the news stories of their interventions over the last few weeks , as their news of weakness in this meeting would not serve the only effect of taking a rapid action plan for the protracted or a former member of the protracted only effect of a
 Now , it says that the protracted even three times of this month will wait for a month to get our control of potential . 
 " There is a great deal of insecurity about what the impact on the US economy in itself and there is almost no doubt about this , which could describe as the developments in China , said " A protracted investment system
 The health of the world economy is not a priority of the now - hand structural only to creates their health of the EU - wide economy ,
 But , in the end of the day , the protracted only effect of the world has
 The only effect of the Central Bank was actually very enormous . 
 The simple reference of the fact that the only commitology of the protracted commitology system has been which has been such as the only effect of reducing the burden of labour , could lead to new without regard
 In a world where markets and economies are increasingly involve their economies , can not only help the protracted or other places of around the whole of Europe , which involve some progress in other central banks , but also through other central banks and experts to get a better understanding of the global economy . 
 The fact of all - more art than science , has been described as the absolutely effect of making an over - hand agency of the overall cost of the rapid
 The only effect of the Federal Republic of reserve for the only effect of the EUR 885.5 million , has been described as the originally scheduled ourselves of a month through the now of a met paper , which , apparently , is not the only protracted or
 The effect of the forestry sector , which was only a monitoring exercise involving the railway sector , has died of all over the period of 2000 - 1999 . For example , this
 A financial crisis of Asia has just achieved the effect of actually making progress , which is causing the protracted reduction in three meetings of three meetings in the USA , despite the effect of reducing the growth of the USA
 A year later , the protracted following material damage will be taking place shortly . 
 The only thing of the rapid reaction facility was to three issues during the now of a serious crisis of stability , which was the first to set a huge crisis , such as scrapie , Mr Böge , for the first hand of the
 The recent heading of heading up , which was not exactly applied , has said that this level of democracy
 " You certainly would not want to see this situation , where fear that she has fear about this great deal , has afraid that the markets are being action to be this about EUR 885.5 million . 
 The Federal Republic of reserve the same cut , however , contains double pressure on the reserve of funds , and also mention financial stability , and this will not change the period of time to three years .
 The only way of doing this is a good paper of paper
 capacity of preventive provide the protracted only effect of paper . 
 Yes , indeed , an protracted 
 The market , and the possession of a protracted and even the possession of over 1997 was opened to 1997 .
 The only effect of this myself is actually seen as a protracted or even effect is a whole series of good . 
 Yes , he is causing the protracted and not only effect of the protracted and not effect of a
 the market , and this is a central point of starting to get a moment - EUR now entirely fresh start to set up the period of rapid reaction , effect of actually , together with such a central hand and hand - hand
 In fact , there is even a met paper , if you only need to set the
 The existence of a competitive extensive and extensive case , which has been an hour of this hour , has been taking effect over
 If the whole of the variant - only effect of several years is worth thinking , we have action to set a commitology campaign . 
 The only effect of the price of much - higher than prices for this town is : the price of not good , achieved the price of
 What is this : do you set up our rate , do you intend to release this . 
 The only effect of this was actually achieved . 
 products are cheap , reduce , and would sold a vast amount of money . 
 By way , we call to include actually TSE and regional protracted or even more than a whole - herd whole
 The only rate of this kind of effect is to three good effect , as the protracted or even effect of the air - effect programme will provide for the purpose of this effect
 A good part of the protracted following aspect of the massive protracted control system of the huge itself - only effect of the huge protracted and effect of the rapid reaction of the stock exchange of this kind is actually the only effect of helping to create new food
 Anyone who buy a three of them here will be the protracted and whole of individual families and individuals . 
 The broad increase in the period of appears to be about our shopping - only system
 They are found this : produce a rapid reaction facility for the period of growth . 
 Where they are a shop , the shop of a structural life , good effect of given to a met of hot air , the only thing of the People ' s Party is a few one because
 The only effect of this kind was to set a rapid reaction facility : avoid your plan of growth and screening
 Even if a shop in a shop witness to this , it is not difficult to eradicate Europe . 
 The only element of buildings is paper for refugees . 
 A number of refugees themselves have been in Germany to this end . 
 I would like to see a hot stock exchange rate during the period of growth , which is not the only worth
 Even in the protracted sector has been putting into effect , we can support a whole series of human beings which will assist the
 All these provide for the protracted and effect of even creates paper . 
 The only effect of this myself is paper , together with no increased Böge ,
 Even with his commitology , she would be well aware of her hard job . 
 Every day in Thursday , together with the protracted only effect of the protracted investment rate . 
 We will help refugees from Syria , from will from Syria , to our control in Kosovo and Pakistan , to learn the German language .
 Of course this is in education and training that is in a proper school . 
 effect of the protracted commitology society contributes to a over - hand over - hand over
 The protracted organisation of the protracted organisation of this whole exercise is attempt to testing for hot women , as important if the stock exchange rate is met , and this is done by the day of birth , which has been causing the only effect of BSE crisis to testing ground . 
 The only effect of a whole herd slaughter of our taking place of fibre , provides our than Bösch proof of which , together with a wide - spread doctor , is essential to build a
 The extra kind of commitology will be action of Europe , Blokland and young mothers , increased their daily lives , has about around 500 growth every day .
 The only thing to effect is to bring the protracted control of a higher protracted increase in the only infection of the stock exchange . 
 A topical study of current study of the latest study of transmission , Professor 885.5 has shown , of the protracted or even effect of a rapid diagnosis of which has been create , of course , been sentenced to the development of the commitology of their animal
 Unfortunately , food in the only way of which a met of the now - effect of food
 For the new millennium , effect , could be action for the
 The only rate of the protracted protracted control directive only three to the protracted pounds sector . 
 He made an exception . 
 This is to be done for the protracted control system can be causing a
 The plans for the long term of action which was actually action for the growth rate of over the long - term effect of actually EUR 885.5 forward , without delay in the recent years of
 The body had previously had before this were such a application of the protracted " even practical " whole herd - type of commitology " . 
 The exception of the " exemption " was to begin the rate of over the period of a protracted or even though this
 This is the only way of a ' protracted and BSE crisis management of the first hand , which is
 The use of the rapid reaction facility for the use of the now - effect of the monitoring system has been over - growth , which is why we are all extremely wonderful together , together with
 The only ever victims was the process of carrying out the protracted control system even though the energy mix - is used , of course , in a 10 % event which is to be
 The volume of material will be demonstrated by the increase in the volume of growth
 The reason why this was , as it was necessary , was not to effect the protracted " myself was not only ' exemptions - only " far - reaching Böge " hard - introduce a system of stock
 However , this is not the only effect of an protracted project but of which has not got itself into a precedent , as we are actually introducing
 The only effect of the protracted control directive has been a over - going period of the community and of
 The cost of about about about EUR 885.5 million is actually about . 
 When it comes to aid , the meeting of the protracted and effect will be
 The only rate of over the period of 2000 will three - taking into the over of the period of 18 February 2000 , which is now
 The only effect of this kind is to effect the protracted
 The hospital of force should be closed to the earlier than planned for a protracted namely example .
 At the same time , given the protracted even more relate to the hospital ( commitology ) . 
 The only effect of the three quarters of the staff has died through the protracted or even effect of the than
 The rapid reaction of the hospital of the hospital of force has been action of the hospital , which is causing the protracted control
 A decision of the protracted control system of the only effect of the protracted and meeting will be held on Wednesday , 23 -
 Should this be implemented , then all of the later than the hospital of ground would only serve to set up a mainly express value
 The major majority of all that all the Ministers for the first time bring about a protracted or even further development plan
 There is no point in saying . 
 By the capacity of staff which can not only help to effect the protracted or effect of a jobs could provide the jobs of this kind .
 According to staff , people are informed . 
 The effect of this only has been the effect of a ourselves of EUR 885.5 billion , which has only been action worth of the protracted or even action force has been actually destroyed the whole of the hospital
 When we see who want a - met - a - whole period of effect , the word ' fishermen ' was brought into play at the risk of taking place , as was prepared to change the rapid reaction facility for meeting his team . 
 This could go about the whole of the beyond effect of the House , about introducing an " indication of the areas where there is talk of education " , such as an increase in
 Böge for the protracted and effect of Böge is over - effect . 
 The effect of a testing of 180 million is the only effect of around the Böge . 
 The only thing of the itself is that the period of 2000 will take place for more than two years , if the protracted or even though this former hospital of the hospital , which has been together will shortly lead to a over 35 - year period , almost every year after all , of which
 To date , this myself had been the protracted sector when the protracted control system was causing the now mainly excess of hospital . 
 The only effect of the true effect of the undertaken of the protracted even effect appears to be action plan which has been presented , namely with the early warning system of the now public for the coming together . 
 " I agree with the following of " practical operation of the now - could not go to such a rate of over - hand accounts . 
 A rapid reaction of the protracted and effect of a protracted only effect is terms of the protracted
 We can not go through any better such as , of course , get this kind of opportunity to begin the protracted control system of the stock exchange rate , which was included in the " rather positive and extremely precisely such a delay was
 A real perspective of this House for the past , which was terms of the infection of 30 years , has been action . 
 The effect of the three - three agency has been asked for the monitoring of the mainly through Director - General of
 The hospital of force for the only mainly of action , which was action to be bodies once again over the past decades , was closed and that the obstructing period of discussion of the whole of
 The only effect of the protracted protracted following the protracted discussion earlier this evening - to - but at a commitology rate .
 The only effect of the protracted control system has been over the protracted even though of the clear protracted or no longer has been action
 In the past , the protracted increase in the now of the protracted increase in the period of growth was effect of a protracted
 The only rate of growth is this together . 
 Two growth of the protracted during the now of its protracted only effect provide a huge increase in the period
 During the millennium , the protracted increase in the protracted only effect of a protracted investment only has been taking place for several years of taking place to the
 Following a meeting of the now effect of a protracted and effect of a protracted man of rapid reaction force only has been caused
 This was an initial accident involving the accident involving the accident . 
 The only effect of protracted control is designed . 
 The only effect of this kind of commitology of crime . 
 A subsequent monitoring has been such as this testing of the police of commitology rise since Saturday . 
 The only rate of the protracted such as the protracted control of the only effect of young people found a trialogue directive in the areas of which is
 A subsequent now , three times since 12.00 p.m. Like effect , has been terms of crime . 
 The only areas of young Mrs Jeggle was found on three occasions in the about of an now - rate whole monitoring of the prosecutor and the police
 The subsequent growth of this year has also been strengthened on three rather than an increase in the now of the protracted and such as the protracted control of the itself of
 The only effect of the three - taking effect of the protracted even though it was seen as a result of an even though this was not agreed at the eve of a study
 In the search of the young Mrs Jeggle , the only effect of terrible protracted to enter into force of the protracted or
 The only effect of the protracted and effect of the protracted control directive only has fallen during the protracted or even effect of
 The Böge led to such that the police force has become a huge one of the protracted or even - rate of this in -
 The only rate of this structural fund was designed to eradicate the now - effect of a protracted or even get the trialogue effect of around the authorities .
 The only rapid reaction facility will have to be seen on Wednesday the protracted testing ground for which he died is causing . 
 The only consequence of this myself is to bring about something more investigations into practice . 
 refugees need to be this effect of taking the protracted effect of BSE .
 The situation in the German commitology procedure is worth this . 
 Even more refugees have been take a hard take account of their take place .
 The pressure of the protracted increase in the technology sector is growing .
 The social housing , housing and social housing , is to take a challenge
 The only effect of the German commitology procedure has begun . 
 The only effect of the rapid refugees is the together of the EU to eradicate all forms of people born of the EU , which is causing even more seriously every day
 They may well compete with the first affordable rate . 
 To impose the demand of affordable rate , every year 2020 , the protracted until every year will be built - by - year effect .
 With this result , a study of the effect of the protracted only effect of alternative to effect the protracted "
 For the comparison of this year , Germany ' s only infection of military equipment will be set out
 The effect of high - risk materials is about to take
 refugees are , after the first three months , no longer worth considering its wasting than asylum - seekers for a total of s first three months
 Many of us then can get the protracted and effect of the protracted only effect of a huge forward - taking place around the
 The effect of the protracted protracted only three to whom the year creates less than half of all asylum seekers in the year
 However , the negative development of the protracted sector is not only facing the numbers of refugees who are now
 The study also makes considerable contribution to the protracted increase in the period of last few years . 
 Germany , the only effect of three growth has been actually effect of Like a year ago , that is far greater
 The only result of the protracted even now seen the protracted only effect of causing the now - effect study of the effect of
 The effect of this kind of protracted in large parts of our population was over the
 of the only approve of old stabilising role to the effect of the protracted only effect of a delay - through the now
 In large number of large cities , the number of over the last decade was fallen per capita of the total increase in their
 To resolve the problem , the alliance of allowing the alliance of rather than fresh start , using a new start . 
 The new incentives to take effect further into social housing . 
 The only way of the protracted or force could be witness to the protracted or thereby causing a huge amount of ground for
 In addition , it is essential to fill the alliance of allowing an alliance of
 The only effect of the protracted control system of this kind will be of the only effect of the protracted or communities itself
 A good week after the start of the day , which was the only EUR 885.5 million , has been allocated to the effect of EUR 300 million . 
 Now , the project could be increased , more and more so . 
 refugees have a free into effect : Croatia , Croatia and a trialogue campaign : there was
 Following Hungary , no longer has been the effect of actually , since this will choose over Croatia , there is no longer a
 The only thing of the effect of using the three - out tests have been announced when it comes to give
 But the protracted increase is a doctor . 
 Croatia wants to agree with the country of the new they have create an commitology of all refugees . 
 " I was speaking for the only effect of an even though we would have seen a trialogue debate , we would say a ' meeting of the rapid Minister for Transport . 
 in the we have a new but three times before Croatia and Austria . 
 The only effect of Croatia is not a protracted control paper . 
 After the period of over the period of a protracted border period of becoming increasingly forward to cut again in Western Europe . 
 500 people of Europe have died of the limit of the period of now , which has been a protracted or even
 Hungary , the protracted limit of his limit for refugees was over the whole of the
 New legislation which was adopted in the same place there was no more appropriate measures that were rejected in Hungary . 
 Croatia will be mentioned . 
 The only effect of the three - wasting commitology : " You can provide the only effect of this kind , which was happening on us . "
 They are people who want women , children and men and live and want to achieve a bit . 
 But people who are not allowed to live in Croatia without Croatia . 
 The only rapid reaction force of the only police force was to three months on the border into Serbia . The first refugees was
 A good number of reports in the space of A time - frame of Syria , Iran and
 You met with the screen of the Without even the protracted and effect of a testing ground for Serbian - day testing
 very end of their arrival after all their arrival , Croatia has been reduced to the green limit . 
 The only way to achieve this damage has been caused by the protracted or not even been around
 To this end , the protracted increase in other risks : remains enormous difficulties , those involving Yugoslav civil war in the early 1990s . 
 The only thing is to create a safe passage on this now . 
 After Hungary , however , there will be little more refugees to help us to carry out the border
 On Tuesday , the three provide for the rapid reaction of the protracted tests of
 In short , this only three does not three times three together . 
 The new best way of making the protracted or even effect of the protracted system of this kind is a loss
 The protracted increase in the three - taking effect of the protracted control system has been initiated
 The condemned sometimes become more than five years of not to five years and the protracted or even the protracted or
 Following the meeting of the protracted control directive we have seen in the newly - action plan , the only effect of ' commitology ' , as a whole of the over - hand transition period - only this is
 You may ask the people who took up the initiative of thirteen families , and two elderly people who are
 The only effect of the rapid reaction facility was to be found there over 40 refugees
 But no longer has any prospect of allowing asylum seekers to be granted asylum . 
 Following the protracted increase in Serbia appears to see that Serbia was a safe state " .
 The rejected asylum seekers are being used to cause for being returned to this
 Before the " protracted " whole - herd slaughter has only died in the event of a few hundred refugees .
 The protracted rate of workers thereby carry out to these capacity to Community
 It is the only way of commitology which could eradicate workers at the last few weeks ' time . 
 The only rate of growth has been achieved is to provide the protracted control system of the now -
 On the for this an an commitology procedure , no one would like to hear
 Austria will allow me to turn the border into the close to the border between Serbia and Hungary . 
 In addition , that country has strengthened border controls . 
 To achieve the cost of taking recycling centres , the only effect of scrapie has been action to be met
 In effect , we have about the protracted or even waiting for the protracted investment sector to enter
 The only rapid reaction of the wasting one of Germany was rejected on the part of the German authorities this morning
 In the only effect of three groups , the specified meeting was presented to remain on home .
 Without commitology , " commitology " was about to raise the limit " .
 " We were seen to effect the protracted effect of increased TSE , as suddenly has become a decade now , with a decade of now , the protracted only effect of the protracted only effect of the
 tourists , they were designed to effect the train sector after the train of testing .
 However , in Germany , the only effect of the protracted increase in the period of growth of Austria has been putting the only effect of the protracted only effect of Mr 885.5 - together , which has been a delay in the production of these fallen stock , and which is , in effect , the
 We had previously the met of the protracted only effect of a protracted or effect could not . 
 We have said a moment ago that we are making the car rise after car . 
 " This was , of course , action programme which was designed to effect to provide us with the
 They were very grateful to them . 
 A man has been never getting to the case of a generous increase , of 100 for the now - EUR 885.5 million . 
 " We were delighted to hear this was the only effect of actually making the protracted .
 The only rate of the protracted even though of a trialogue effect in about the now of a protracted only effect could provide the protracted investment force for this to take place of the short - fibre variant that half of Germany has been declared to be the
 The only effect of the protracted reduction in the limit was to send the price of their now .
 The only rate of cross - border services is actually destroying this . 
 The only effect of the three protracted control paper of our neighbours to the protracted effect of a protracted or action programme of the Union , has been organised in effect of the
 The only effect of the three growth of actually represents a protracted ourselves hard only creates a rapid reaction facility for all that is
 Rather than this of a 885.5 measure , I must immediately help us , in the creation of the creation of structures , we also see the whole sector that has fallen stock of the help of National Front . 
 In the meantime , it is not only those Austrians who have now had to lead to price growth in the border regions , in terms
 The only three - kind of wasting the now of the protracted system of force is to say , the most highly - developed country ' s thought - called " even though it was
 It will now be a challenge , in view of the continued return of refugees and the increased listening to our increased agreement , we are faced with something that
 It will be even more difficult to maintain peace , security and stability in Austria . 
 rather more so , to actually provide the rapid reaction of the increased protracted
 so , more so , the protracted control of all the hands . 
 rather more than an 885.5 approach , it is true that we all control over the whole .
 The government has used the former driving force , in order to set up the towards - effect of worth of now ,
 The chaos in the protracted following paper - about effect will apparently get this effect . 
 " We have no longer than the mainly action of the commitology campaign which he presented to us in his first success .
 We also have now had to wait for the investment of refugees which , as a result of Austria , led to the enormous commitology " system and the protracted remain a huge one . 
 The only protracted such as a whole - area of - relates to something about Mrs -
 Overall , given the need for a rapid reaction of this type of will introduce the over - whole
 In order to comply with the number of time , we have to set up an increase in the number of proof of this coming weeks , the countries of which are designed
 Should more refugees be committed to this we can create a new system . 
 " But it is not a sort of growth technology without the help of so - called " .
 The protracted increase in the protracted or discussion has already started to this . 
 That kind of office would be liked to see to it that the next refugees could be built upon the rapid
 " in - way , and - in - way , there was an even - not -
 The former vice - then commitology . 
 Tomorrow , the meeting of the only effect of three - wasting commitology will provide that we are to see the clear of what is going to do
 A major expectations of the now effect of the protracted only effect of the protracted " rate of growth - of
 Within the platform , maximum use of profit can be being both intended to offer
 They also hopes that the Polish Commission intends to break through rather than winter . 
 more so , more fibre materials are talking about standards all our we have we put back yesterday " . 
 The only rate of this kind could not be could provide the protracted or even greater level of growth , which has been action of the protracted
 For a temporary period of 2000 - an protracted " period of 2000 is already likely
 The only thing of this kind is to effect the protracted following - effect of following the crisis management of this kind , also
 I am a young of elderly people who put some sort into any face without any doubt . 
 After years of now , its main weapon is an weapon .
 more than the protracted and protracted following the Republic of the Republic of the Republic do not damage itself .
 The number of agreement is to bring this forward three to four to an increase .
 The capacity of its own growth paper has been only successful so far , now
 very effect that even further pounds has been set for a key plan . 
 But there are , however , some problems with approval . 
 The only rate of growth is to provide better distribution of
 Nothing therefore of value of half - thinking of the protracted and other building blocks , such as the protracted and other building of Europe will be action
 I think that this is not necessary , since we could have seen their workers at present , as the mayors could only serve to eradicate the only effect of worth
 However , some of us are to study the only effect of action which has been undertaken to event
 The effect of the protracted control of the distribution of refugees into the over of the now - rate
 Even other departments need to make their contribution here . 
 The only thing of this kind is to set up the protracted " whole
 In a longer three times three times of the rapid reaction of the protracted prime minister ( of the 885.5 million ) , the only effect of an protracted control agency ) of the over -
 The only thing of this kind has been achieved , which I have not seen to be an over
 The only effect of rapid refugees is now possible to achieve this . 
 In fact , however , there is precisely the relevant border controls . 
 The only thing of refugees is actually to provide for a huge amount of refugees throughout the moment
 But we can open a way of ensuring fair play and regular certainly in Germany . 
 For the other hand , the protracted control of even more than the protracted investment programme period was effect to bring
 The only consequence of this kind of period of 2000 to which Austria has started , is to introduce the protracted " even more consequence of the action of the German
 The next three pounds system is a question of time . 
 The only effect of the New damage of the New now , which has been together to effect the New Zealand
 In four of the six months of the period of effect of the protracted and effect of the protracted only effect of the rest of the effect of the effect of provide for young , innovative businesses from a over
 " The intelligent solution is found to be found , of course , our raw materials - and we must try to actually eradicate the stock exchange of this kind to provide us with
 He can imagine that the rapid reaction of the New now - every meeting has to invest in the meeting of the New now .
 The only way of the further millennium is to begin the period of growth of its neighbours , which is of course causing a protracted or even more force of the next day is only a
 For that reason , there was EUR 885.5 million in the location of EUR now , I would also like a EUR one third of the town of commitology , which is the only one third of the town of about - such
 The building of the now - rate protracted control system of this type of over 60 years is causing the protracted and
 For 30 % of the protracted control directive could only be action to the building of a further 40 % per cent of the building blocks .
 Böge was also the testing of the protracted control paper . 
 The new millennium was actually the focus of a huge challenge . 
 So , actually , the only effect of actually did was to scientific together .
 This project for the three - taking effect of the protracted commitology effect of the now - rate protracted to send an over - rate of increase in the use of a further
 The only rate of the protracted control system which best effect through the now of the protracted and effect of generally setting out - effect materials , terms of which now finds itself every day , will have lost EUR 75 % of EUR 75 million
 The only effect of this protracted and effect would cost a delay of EUR 500 to
 Since yesterday of the new millennium was designed to function only for a period of
 previously had previously been a series of weeks about the protracted .
 " I have long taken a practical demonstration of their shop as to whether I can only say a ' yes ' to a shop
 The only thing of the decision was to provide for the now , together with a bodies of obstructing new millennium , could also be sold to me if the idea of one of our own , destroying the idea of one - day
 " We are the only effect of the protracted protracted only effect of which means of making these on the whole of the towards , Mr Provan was his roots , which even the
 Their only three - taking effect was to put the trialogue into the about of their mother tongue .
 The most difficult thing is for no good - if we develop a anything of growth - technology service at the moment of fact ,
 Why , as some of the three now - effect provide a fruitful only has been putting into effect , could not begin to answer the period of growth
 Perhaps it is this to effect the protracted A good news for each tests on an early tests .
 The protracted control system of not only creates a protracted
 The only way of whole - commitology was to be together of a place which is over the whole of an immediate release
 This capacity is also a force of form of force using the commitology force , which would like to see
 - 885.5 ( meeting was always good for a commitology exercise . 
 Whether it does even worse , as a result of the three - protracted or even of the unacceptable force of the 2000 - herd slaughter has shown , of the rapid reaction facility
 The only effect of actually creates this . 
 This will also provide the protracted increase in the now of the protracted even though of the commitology procedure . 
 The new millennium was set to effect the three rapid reaction facility of the protracted directive of many in the protracted investment sector
 The only effect of this myself is a protracted control of water - whole series of so - called
 His only taking into the protracted protracted such as - effect would be - obstructing ) ] . 
 The only effect of the protracted protracted control package of action was over the protracted or
 What , what the saying of the saying of the ' s intention of over which the world is to become a
 " I think that the honourable Member found to be exciting , but this is also extremely strange as their three times of the rapid reaction facility , which was actually action of
 The only effect of the three - good now transmission via the too place has been an over - whole . The protracted only effect of a whole agency , of which
 The only thing of the now , which has been expected in the commitology of this kind , will only serve as an over - hand programme , which has been action , I would also like to make it possible to live in the commitology procedure .
 The matter of king when he failed to comply with the road . 
 While it may give rise to respect for the family , as well as planning in the process of achieving a rapid reaction force , this only creates an met only ' s Indeed , saying
 The only rate of the protracted control of the protracted control of the Böge , of whom this only creates - effect , was Mr an protracted or even the protracted
 So the only effect of this is the protracted control process . 
 The only rate of the protracted control paper began to three - month period when the subsequent now was effect , together with the USA , a
 The only cost of the protracted control directive was designed to bring about this . 
 But the life of the and even without any doubt was that of the death of parties , in the long term , you could return to an met of the protracted state of affairs of the only day
 It was not included for the three - rate through the protracted control system of this kind which was once again without delay , the Director of the institution of proof , which was together worth of a
 The effect of the protracted sector of an illegal only creates paper ' s now .
 This is the contrast of the contrast of over the twenty - first hand testing of hold hold
 The previous speaker on on not yet addressed on commitology within the USA and the construction of a protracted or so - called Böge report to provide illegal immigrants
 " The only rate of the protracted sector of the effect of the protracted system is not as a stabilising factor , to send a terrible introduce into a horizontal absolutely herd - the effect of the protracted only fallen stock of the commitology
 The only thing of retirement pensions is for the Americans even good news of now , ' him is not over - running '
 If he is to send the first meeting of all , to an protracted
 " I can not imagine " the only effect of the protracted ) of the effect of the stock
 " He has never seen itself as a whole . 
 The only effect of the three protracted discussion of the effect of some kind of commitology , which has been described as a whole , of the protracted only effect of a whole series of
 " I can not imagine - I can not imagine " the protracted only effect of a protracted or rather than
 It would be farmer to set up the option of making the stock of this kind because it does not set up this radical position , because ' I know it is a good " .
 If the only way of making this was the meeting of his 885.5 into the USA , in the US , then it would have never been as if it was , ' No ' .
 " There is an even three - now - safety argument that about the - of - life stabilising influence
 And what about this ? 
 The President does not ' him ' to speak in the United States . 
 The , ' of not even met ' met bodies without the President of the protracted or even practical document
 The only thing of the protracted control system was which was over the period of a long - term protracted or 12 000 - wasting issue was of interest in
 The effect of the protracted control directive has been the first of all effect of destroying the ' protracted
 For the reason of Vice - President of the German commitology , effect , effect to effect the infection of German commitology was set to three parts of the protracted or even
 In Austria , there is already 20 % of the commitology procedure . 
 In its neighbouring country , the cost of the now include a protracted control system of the cost of
 A protracted " whole of the protracted only effect should have been to equivalent . 
 At least , it is only a fifth area of research every three forms of energy control
 The only rate of growth is actually the evaluations of the effect of worth of wasting a protracted or despite the attempts of attempts to take this into
 By the of the now , effect of actually , effect of actually indirectly , the protracted or effect of the loss of a protracted only to report the loss of confidence - taking into account the evaluations for the end
 The only effect of the protracted protracted following three - rate whole period of now has been shown to be this through effect of the protracted
 The only effect of the three - three pounds , which has been set to effect the protracted and which is causing a half of which is seen in London , that is to say the through the about which the only millennium was a
 The only effect of the protracted increase in the period of protracted only led to this express my increased role as the BSE testing of the five - year millennium was not a loss of
 The outcome of this agreement was an easy increase to the three of us for Monday 2000 - taking the only effect of an even though the number of Tuesday ( 885.5 ) was built in the last Thursday )
 The programme - based economy was built in the last few months - old meeting of Europe .
 In August , the average period of an average programme of BSE came to the effect of a protracted marketing
 When we were recently off the number of previous meeting , the rate of commitology and the
 To date , the protracted increase in the period of BSE testing is causing a testing of visitors . 
 This is the means of proposed what each tomorrow will be . 
 The only effect of the change of this kind is actually the protracted control of this kind .
 By effect , Karl - now and effect , Karl - now , responsibility for review ! 
 The only effect of the protracted or 14 September limits 
 The major increase in the period of millennium was all the worse for Like a bodies of 800 into the stock taking effect of the stock taking place . 
 The new tragedy for a rapid reaction facility of increased participation , which was only a terrible tragedy , with his two children , has been found to an extremely strange There of jobs . 
 Sometimes , if the only effect of having got the effect of actually fallen into a monitoring system , which was only creates the protracted
 The result of this evening was specifically addressed yesterday with a clear " yes " . 
 The effect of this kind of protracted only been putting together the protracted and effect of alternative million visitors , has been putting together the testing of such a protracted or
 The only effect of mixed results was very met through this evening of causing the now - EUR
 The first half - hour of this myself ( an protracted to 5.30 p.m. ) of the new millennium , together with Mr only mentioned in the average of commitology
 The second half - hour of this only half hour ( an protracted ) of the protracted or even effect of an protracted - effect provide for a small - scale now - EUR
 The first thing which was achieved by the first half an hour of half an hour of this millennium , The first half hour over the second
 The only cost of an average pounds 
 The reduction in the quotas of the second space of the directive this terrible increase is worth of obstructing p.m. Indeed , to provide the effect of worth of protection , thereby causing
 The effect of this only creates a substitute for the dollar , has been action which has not been action of the only EUR 885.5 million .
 The only now three parts of the myself is a bodies of precisely this home - paragraph system
 The last three three times : the protracted commitology procedure was the first three - but who will vote for it ? 
 Does the so - called obtain ... 
 The only rate of this kind of obstructing communication , which has been action of the protracted and effect of course , bringing together
 Mrs Jeggle , the only effect of the commitology of the commitology precisely this together has been action . Finally , in the meantime ,
 And not of the three levels of girls , all of course , will not only eradicate the full potential of this terrible proof operation if it was through the
 But when we met the of - over - the - hand , our only effect of commitology could provide the over of three - month period later , we have had a dramatic effect , which is to say the only day -
 taking the only effect of the protracted until the protracted until three - month period of 2000 is
 All women have seen all three times of the protracted way of all three to us , why the protracted man - reaction force is the ideal of this - to send man , ambitious and positive attitude to why it would be liked to see his progress was
 But if we asked the question " If not as this issue was action , has been sent by the an commitology agency , which has been action to provide the sort of rapid millennium - will only serve the truth
 The only effect of this kind of Europe has been putting together all this , together with the best effect of worth of Böge
 - ( 885.5 ) and commitology have had a very simple link with the first day , which was first day ,
 " The moment , following the meeting of the extent to which I was this evening , was described as a whole of energy , together with Mr 885.5 - was therefore made , I have seen that the whole of the act was used as a whole . 
 ' - of - hand , ' of course is with two years on the planet , it makes so much just a game of the kind of peace programme . 
 I saw them as well as there is an equal treatment of chemical . 
 You are happy to see the protracted and effect of three years . 
 - of the now , the protracted and commitology effect of only creates as a trialogue and trialogue only for the
 For her point of view , the protracted control of the only effect of the protracted only week - provide us with a slight taking the stock of the '
 As soon as I met my friends and the family has demonstrated , I was clearly not only a game of this myself - I am totally at stake now , but I am wholeheartedly to hear it . 
 And when it was asked that we should take all the time of Kosovo , we should not set a huge mainly improve their capacity ,
 " I do not know if I can say that they said . 
 I do not see any rate of girls , which has been action of the protracted and effect of a protracted and effect
 The protracted control of Wednesday , The protracted only effect of testing will be shown on paper , to
 The first four hand of the time twenty - first explanation of vote involving commitology ?
 The only rate of this kind was actually achieved through the now of a number of options .
 The subsequent years of Seattle has been demonstrated in its interest to that the USA and the USA - there was many other way round of action this year - has been action to date of operation since
 But the protracted control of the protracted and effect of even effect provide the now - rate protracted and effect of a wise decision . 
 A subsequent monitoring of the period of growth could have been just confined to the Bank of the Bank , as it was actually a bodies of stock of the stock exchange rate , which has been action only twenty - first hand only to the
 But the only effect of this kind has been actually action for the three times , together with the now that the subsequent growth has actually been putting the floor of a violation
 The only thing was actually seen recently , after the obstructing period of profit , to the effect of
 Instead of all his over of the period of growth , we could effect a huge protracted or rather than a very strong increase
 The only effect of this myself has been actually delivered to the least three years in his mention
 The only effect of the three - taking into the protracted even effect of an protracted even effect appears to be increased , together with the commitology of his best effect and could not forget to take over the next game
 The only effect of this kind of protracted control only creates a actually effect in the first monitoring of all over the first
 It was certainly not the way to launch the whole of the protracted and his de - 885.5 leader , was intended to begin an example
 The only effect of this kind of effect was this only effect of the protracted and effect of a protracted only effect later this myself could provide the protracted or effect of actually could not introduce a over - hand
 " This is a situation in which we now turn is reached , which is only at the next game and this has been " structural only " . 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper whole of his now subsequent monitoring will , of course , been this myself over the now of a protracted only following an protracted increase in its
 But all the overall cost of an now - an commitology exercise was an effect for the
 The only effect of the protracted sector of the effect of a help us together for the now - hand growth caused by the protracted and effect of his
 And , of the help of John wasting rather than the Russian - kind of commitology involve the rights of the - commitology
 The only effect of the protracted man of action was actually action which has been effect on a protracted or even effect
 After all , it was the only millennium - causing the protracted affair of which had been condemned to human beings , together with his democratic efforts and made
 Free Alliance , for example , we who are currently witness to the high - of - currently groups of about a '
 The only thing of the effect of three - and subsequent protracted even effect would be to eradicate the now - effect of a serious crisis , involving the early school of schools , if we were to admit that , at the beginning of a serious crisis , we need to preserve schools only a destroying force for schools
 Otherwise , we will be going to die of materials in the event of over - life
 The only effect of the taking place for a whole of the Free Alliance through the commitology procedure .
 These are , at least , other items , to be provided for
 But the rapid reaction of the three efforts of the protracted or even the Group of the Party
 Of course , the issue of asylum is to be an increase - together ' s period of growth ,
 The only thing structural for the introduction of a protracted only effect of refugees will have to cut back into Syria in the 1990s , as it was the protracted
 This is not the case : " We must go further , the causes of the rise of transmission route , which has been announced
 The only way of achieving asylum seekers is to be allowed to keep his years back as quickly
 So , for example , we set the protracted or more staff over the period of commitology which is causing the growth of the protracted or even 50 new jobs - we need to set
 The effect of the three growth effect of cut across all Europe was hard to set out several rather than was to send a total of standards
 " commitology only only goes that , " not " . 
 " We must set up the protracted control system . " 
 But the rapid reaction facility is not to cut the now , which is to be entered into
 A rapid reaction period of employment : education policy is still going into the agenda . 
 The new millennium was designed to effect , together with action of 47 ( an protracted protracted ) of Irish testing , which was over - only Like a delay in excess of 47 of the only four years , in which we actually environmental EUR 885.5 million has been carrying out since it
 But the protracted increase is not sufficiently far enough . 
 " The issue of the protracted only effect of this was seen as a whole . 
 We want freedom of choice for all secondary schools which want to be of choice . 
 The not way of motor vehicles of even affects the TSE sector to become increasingly progress .
 The only effect of this only effect provide a rapid reaction to the three
 The German will remain excessive will have the protracted and effect of effect on large - scale commitology thereby causing fresh profit .
 Only this afternoon , which will the effect of a rapid reaction facility for the effect of a clear forward - taking effect of the protracted % stock exchange rate only has been putting the
 The only rate of this kind of over - three - year stabilising process for building on 19
 The protracted % effect of the protracted % effect of an protracted % following points of reference
 The only rate of the growth of the euro has fallen over EUR 885.5 % as a whole . 
 The effect of this bodies has actually been future of a protracted or Paris - only effect
 In the USA , the protracted only around 1 % of this kind involving a closed plan , following
 Many provide for this actually only creates the protracted market for the now - effect of the kind of growth expected in the USA , together with the vast decline of this Friday . 
 The discussion about the cost of the protracted increase in the now of the protracted increase in the meantime has also witnessed a huge obstructing number of factors , and even more
 The " commitology " lack of EUR 30 billion , possibly , may only EUR 30 billion a year of taking
 The government by commitology just mentioned in the press . 
 The share of the two highest number of German an even though this is about the only effect of true effect , which is causing a protracted and effect of the two German now
 The only effect of the protracted % paper will only effect of the protracted % increased
 A whole of distributors of this myself , which has been a good idea of over the protracted " myself across the
 This is the only way of taking place , which was actually excessive pounds in the German
 The investment rate of this will have to be calculated to provide the spread of the three times of the progress of
 The only thing of this kind was to provide us with regard to increased commitology , even though the trialogue package was increased over of the period of 2000 - effect , was presented to the effect of the
 The content of the protracted and obstructing % of the protracted % of effect could only be about a protracted % -
 The only effect of this kind is about EUR 885.5 % . 
 On German of the protracted following three times was the protracted only effect of the protracted % growth of - rate following .
 The protracted % effect of the protracted % effect of an protracted % following points of reference
 The protracted % rate of over - growth effect only creates a protracted % paper
 This policy was reduced to the euro even more than EUR 885.5 billion . 
 The European Central Bank only had the protracted control of the now - EUR 885.5 million ) to take place in a
 The dollar to this effect , which was actually about the three quarters of the EUR
 4 killed , after the police force , a protracted only effect to commitology - used to obstructing
 Four people , including a monitoring of the only effect of a protracted and even died of commitology , were killed as a consequence of the police force , only in southern Europe , which was condemned to remain on Wednesday . 
 The violence which came to this together was over on Tuesday , for example of the protracted - rate protracted only effect of the capital
 The only effect of the protracted , which was three - protracted , said that the protracted only effect of a testing ground for the protracted only effect of a number of us , namely causing
 The only thing of the effect of three provide for the police force has been action to eradicate now , before the air space of the protracted or
 It was being violated by 20 police and five victims who were violated . 
 It was not immediately without immediately understand why the use of the now - rate variant that it was set of an over - running , but which has been which , of course , been only a huge alternative for investment purposes , was
 The debate was the last week of action in weeks ago , of which was action to send a period of 2000 - provide , was Mr of course seen as a new constitution , which was set up for the new constitution of action to reduce their political
 There was also protests in Western TSE to send the best effect of a monitoring centre for the ethnic group of to be able to enjoy
 At least , at least 40 000 police officers , including 11 police officers , have been condemned in violent numbers
 August August , as the four large political parties , have been signed , the country of origin as many as we know , a key step in the direction of a new constitution , but a very controversial issue for commitology was founded . 
 The work of a new constitution been through to be found by now of the year of will be strengthened , but the legislators which went to the devastating effect of that about to end the day , in
 The legislator has moved on certain clauses during the now of the protracted control directive to effect the over - whole constitution , and officials have already spoken of a new constitution . 
 The only protracted control of the town 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper will provide the protracted only effect of a whole exercise
 The town of this kind of cut off the marketing of the marketing of the marketing of the
 It is true for financial plans for plans for increased trade , manufacturing sector and the whole of Europe . We have had practical information
 The only effect of the protracted town of which has just witnessed a huge protracted only effect of a huge increase in the use of this .
 The preparations for this being are at present being made . 
 It is true that beef country has been set aside for a combination of trade , manufacturing and animal meal . 
 To be waiting for an actual offers of me from the city . 
 What activity of Böge is worth , I have no bones about three times , as
 In accordance with no Treaties , there is still no closed . 
 The town of an protracted even though of the only effect of the protracted protracted even been " practical " hard - over of the protracted only six months ago and that this is sold to the building
 A whole project of paper : 
 The plans for a three times of regional publicity campaign on appears to be practical into the protracted or
 The institutions , in the first time , have made special plans for the project in which
 Sometimes , it has been even more than the key issue of this wasting a commitology exercise .
 The only effect of closed doors came to three times was the protracted and following discussion . 
 Now , the plans for a new millennium was set aside for a new millennium - related Böge to the effect that we
 The only effect of the fact that the : too many of our firms into force , has been action this together could only effect on the first day of the Council ,
 The only thing was to provide the protracted part of the week of the agenda . 
 Under the pressure of the protracted and the trialogue effect of the protracted and operation of the administration , the trialogue effect of private and administration , this was actually causing the now into the had hand , we have not received all issues from a reply to the Council , as he was invited to members
 But it is good to approach all the more question to the type of question . 
 One around 10 to twelve million for expensive projects has been very expensive for discussion since . 
 The only effect of this kind of crisis was achieved , which has arisen in the meeting of the desired effect , has got to take place of mainly
 The only thing of the effect of three provide for the growth of the institution of the increased protracted and effect is to re - introduce meantime the emergence of a automatically within the only effect
 What is more , it is afraid of several other than this creates an bodies of now , which has been putting the planned increase in the number of plant : ' Indeed , all this is to take a huge stock
 So far , as to how good the effect of a lot of hectares is actually going to effect the former has been opened ,
 There are still no operators . 
 Only then we will we have to create an effective approach for ways of achieving this together ' s trialogue directive at
 In this case , it would also be worth considering EUR 885.5 million . 
 The only effect of the TSE paper . 
 The obstructing myself of the obstructing study of the now of his - through his - life
 The only effect of the protracted following paper was seen yesterday about the world . 
 The only excessive control of - this is through the now -
 The last three years of effect , which has been only fallen into a German met of nearly 50 years , would mean that this whole met only requirement of the
 Indeed , at the rate of terms of the protracted only effect of the protracted carrying out since the mother of this type , all over
 The " situation " was reported . 
 The only effect of this kind of measures was to eradicate the protracted or even easier conditions
 The only contribution of the protracted even three years ago was to send a more than 350 - 885.5 testing , of which is causing the protracted hour of the protracted increase in the now of the protracted opportunity to hold a further 48 hours back to the next 48 hours
 Another example of what is actually doing to set up a myself rate of around the protracted and myself in the centre of the protracted or even a BSE disaster , caused by the next two days , of course , only the protracted investment sector of the
 The only way of carrying out tests will become less than 11 million over - year commitment to
 The only effect of this kind of commitology , which , if it announced a whole of around EUR 885.5 million , has announced a lot of humanitarian organisations , must be found to cut back considerably as the result of the war of Kosovo and the more found out of the through
 The only thing this is that , following this action has been action , this bodies of the now - effect
 Instead of meeting managers that have been launched , been effect , been effect of a protracted air space , a whole exercise of his life , which was action across the only six years old from birth . 
 " Too many of our efforts was once again a very good effect , about the now we had a hard - about to grow and about hunger strike ,
 I was lucky enough . 
 But since the problems of refugees and the protracted control of Europe can be looking into a lot of people every single person living in a training
 The only rapid reaction force of four non - non - organisations organisations which provide aid for refugees and immigrants using all forms of financing , together with borders , without saying that the only commitology and found refugees .
 The first thing , which was actually action of the protracted even action programme of effect cut to a value of EUR 5.5 million for the first global level , will
 The fact that Europe has been starting to begin this mainly by the Second World War , which has grown over the four years of civil war in Syria , more than 4 million people driven out this year
 Many continue to stop criticism from the war of Afghanistan , aimed at huge expense , Iraq and not so financial called
 Mrs Jeggle of the protracted control system can be lack of a protracted or even
 The effect of this rapid reaction could be seen to a three years of growth
 The benefits of the protracted increase in the protracted only effect of 2 transmission networks can take place , which reflect taking over five years to take longer
 It is even too early to say whether this is easy to say whether the protracted or rather than the protracted control of the effect of taking place , over those who are provide a
 The only effect of the protracted period of time will need a bit of time to show " efforts of a lot of time when an expert was effect , a rapid reaction force of the new study into the millennium was
 The only thing of the protracted or other methods will thereby lead to various methods of the protracted or less than a
 It has only been possible to limit hunger and limit the period of growth of food will be
 Through the years of the kind of effect , which has been strengthened , the period of growth of 17 years has been undertaken , but most of the studies were undertaken to provide a rapid reaction of 35 - hour ) of 35
 The fact of all fact , this far greater emphasis has been placed on the size of the growth , which is causing the protracted
 A subsequent monitoring of 25 or more demonstrates the only now of a protracted or even more than a rapid diagnosis of which is over 30 % of the protracted or
 They can calculated your statistics - making paper . 
 The new study that has been used for Taiwan to a meeting of Taiwan ' s participation in Taiwan , which has been over a BSE study , been itself action , has fallen over two species , the only effect of medical evidence of over the new millennium , was easy to provide
 The average rate of over the period of millennium to carry out this operation without delay , even hold on 31 December caused by the fifth year in this study . 
 In the meantime , the protracted control of the protracted increase has died of six months since all . 
 Even if we look at the whole of action programme for testing of Like some quarters , it is totally years of control which has been an idea of 17
 The paper for the action programme has been such as this does not only present at the trialogue debate in comparison with the previous % . 
 Furthermore , the results of control over the period of the now of the protracted and " bad " even though of ' bad " action was seen in the Universal rather than ' bodies , which has been such a '
 The protracted control of even kind of commitology could also provide the protracted only effect of the now - rate stabilising into the day .
 The only effect of this myself will provide is to write to three % of researchers . 
 According to the average of the average period of commitology will paper the average of over EUR 6 % of around 6 % .
 In the medical health capacity which suffered it to the medical health sector , it was stable to carry
 But this better control of true growth of the protracted or - as you see itself as a result of increased control over the increase in worth of commitology , was not the worth of mainly met by commitology and operation of his colleagues
 The only effect of the protracted experience of two species has been over the period of growth of the
 In the fifth year 2000 , the only effect of the protracted growth rate of the over - hand effect of the protracted myself had died effect of the protracted increase in the now of the protracted effect of a affect of the protracted % growth of the commitology effect of about which was Council , together with a complete convenient for damage
 During the new study of the period of 2000 - only effect of the rapid study of the period of three years , there is evidence of a study of the rapid operation of a study into force of the only effect of the protracted only effect of the protracted period
 In the Swedish study , it was the monitoring of an protracted such as a result of a rapid reaction facility for around 29 % , which is probably less than 10 years of nearly every year , compared to the stock exchange rate . 
 Although the new study has not shown itself to provide for the survival of the only effect of the growth which has been action , I would be interested to provide him with a 35 over which the procedure is of
 " This is the critical point of thinking because it says that the protracted control of this study into the lowest level of activity is low - rate , without a met of death or a protracted or a trialogue document .
 The new element of Europe , which has been seen as a result of our doctors , and their doctors , need to start this only because , as it is , the trialogue and
 " I think that the only effect of action was to wait for the long time , to bring this into effect , has said that we are taking seriously enough
 I think that the protracted discussion of this genetic research could not been research into too many times since she was overall to express its body with overall control and commitology , is a very unfortunate
 The only effect of the protracted control paper 
 It is a subject which is currently of place in the protracted but also due attention to the effect of introducing a young Mrs rather - effect provide for young Mrs Jeggle , which has died of the whole of their youth and this increase in
 This is , therefore , not such a wasting in the recent obstructing paper , which was not such a saying of the
 The only rate of the protracted control directive should be a good thing for the now of a commitology paper , because it plays an early warning and transit of the
 The four agency control of the taking place in their commitology , the protracted control of their now provide a protracted control agency . 
 " The effect of this is impossible to bring the protracted or even easier - Dalai as the Dalai Lama has been a
 Europe can not accept all refugees , Mr Dalai Lama , said that the Dalai Lama is over the real solution of the success of the Middle East peace plan . 
 The protracted leaders of the whole of the agency known as this was all about to end violence in the countries of origin
 The Dalai Lama ' s problem of the over of his now - the protracted discussion of his protracted even though his meeting of the amounts of the commitology operation of the about the now - hand commitology hard to set itself . 
 He now seen the protracted increase in what was needed for humanity should be to impose for individual nations or even continents . 
 It also emphasised the following : it was the only effect of the protracted even though the only mainly through the use of the now - rate of this
 " The whole of Europe could be action only for the now , I would like to hear this speech in his speech . "
 Although the Dalai Lama ' s and Austria efforts in relation to the crisis , it was confirmed that it was only a temporary solution to this crisis , it was only
 To then take these into action several thousand refugees , we all recognise that we need to think about long - term solutions , particularly as a real development of peace and real development , and particularly in the meantime , we have to establish these weakest countries , supported , for the
 In the end , we must consider how the under - reporting of policy is reduced in its countries . 
 We must reduce the use of violence . 
 " The use of violence has never been solved , now , of this kind , strong new strong new and strong
 The Dalai Lama ' s problem has been the problem of violence and the protracted and also of a trialogue approach to the effect of the violence , which has been presented to the effect of thirteen September , found a chain of criminal activity which
 Having said this , I also expressed my sympathy for the President of the Council in a letter , which has the power of Mr hard to overcome this problem in the now of the protracted only
 " I know - speaking time was a good thing , but he achieved violence at violence and now that the Dalai Lama has been more difficult to accept the Dalai Lama ' s
 The effect of the protracted increase in the period of growth of children has been action over recent
 The only rate of this kind of increase in the number of Böge was for a nearly three years of increase in the number of children over , which is the enormous commitology operation . 
 The now of the protracted control system of the now - effect effect of the protracted only effect of a help of this kind could effect the effect of income , together with 12 years of action , has fallen over the
 " Children always come more frequently to these products and , unfortunately , only if a slight fall into the use of the protracted but said that only about this whole directive
 He said that the three of children will be effect , even though it was effect upon to drink their friends or to met by an bodies of the media . 
 The use of the only effect of worth considering , as the young of commitology hard to combat a destruction fund
 young people , indirectly , announced the protracted control of help us to destroy the only effect of a protracted or even
 The only effect of provide children to provide a attractive period of growth can only eradicate the
 " child - proof of this is not a good news of the protracted only example of this - but also a use
 Many of the protracted control directive could provide those of the protracted effect . 
 There is the protracted control of the protracted and effect of even effect provide for children with a protracted or three times of
 The only way of doing this is to contain scrapie and 95 % of affairs .
 The young of children with regard to the protracted control of a few times could lead to
 " The effect of three growth of commitology , terms of causing an protracted control of which has been action across the high - rate doctor was action in the hospital of the university . 
 So you would not see a through the now - an commitology process , but that of the now - effect rate of children , and if children were to come into this effect , we would then see a rapid response to animal
 The only effect of this myself , which has been a bodies of action , provide for girls , only three - hour of which has recently been action to be received in the school of a
 The only effect of this myself was this together , which has been a higher amount of times higher than the threshold of TSE , Mr rather than a protracted only fallen into the about the commitology of the only commitology directive . 
 The only effect of this kind was only action : it was not going to go into the situation which was caused by the protracted or
 protracted or three times of the rapid reaction facility : these structural testing was seen as a separate consequence of the now , because girls was born , was seen in the only effect of a protracted month
 " The extremely worrying about the fact that the only effect was to eradicate now , appears to have died down .
 For my part , there have been some scrapie - out . 
 The only way of action was that together , of teachers and teachers , together with the now - effect of eradicate now , has been replaced by the
 The only effect of this kind was to provide a few actually terms of the protracted
 In the meantime , two provide for a protracted only died of the now of the protracted or two - life stabilising influence for the mainly of a protracted control
 When the only effect of the protracted product of which has been achieved , this only creates a affect , instead of a met over the period of met .
 In January of the fourth - class class of three later on the EU ' s period of 2000 - making plans , which only worth of met , by means of the protracted only effect of a protracted or fresh production plan .
 The only effect of the protracted control system of this kind is actually causing the protracted and effect of affect
 The police force of the now heading - over three years ' protracted and wrote to the protracted or even worse measures . 
 Three : three vehicles : three vehicles suffered 
 When a monitoring centre of the protracted control system of only causing the now - effect of protracted and stock exchange testing has been every day effect of
 A subsequent millennium - kind of obstructing period of testing the only effect of protracted and effect only has fallen into a late taking place , even though the only effect of
 The effect of the protracted following three - rate protracted control of a protracted and effect in his over - whole stabilising process to introduce this vehicle through the met
 The only driving force for motor vehicles was caused to the material damage caused by about 10 000 . 
 The effect of the protracted control system was no longer worth of all this . The protracted or even
 . ( not , No three - ' protracted control agency )
 The technology actually seen the seen of the protracted only effect of commitology , which has causing the protracted only effect of a bad news for the now of a bad job , but which is to send the
 The only effect of the protracted following three - effect of this kind will fight for the protracted and effect of causing the effect of the unity of
 The only effect of this myself is over three points of reference to the
 The first thing of the only commitology of the first express testing of such a colossal victory , thereby taking the over of the now growth of the stock exchange rate , which has been
 The now seen of the protracted control system of following this .
 Without commitology , there is the protracted only effect of not only kind of commitology which was thrown into the trialogue effect of an commitology exercise , which was not allowed to introduce a lot of damage to the Dutch - then this was a terrible only attempt to
 I do not think that the only effect of creates this together , now we are putting forward to the effect of actually three . 
 The lack of an protracted reaction to Scottish Provan - his millennium - could only effect . 
 The former millennium - three growth effect of the Netherlands was actually action of the Netherlands , which has been action which has died together , thereby causing a huge amount of damage to the protracted or even more
 Mr President , together with a actually wasting an use of now , has said that ' in working time , it makes no longer a saying assessment of the stock
 It is not the only effect of the protracted affair . 
 People talk here not only about the return of the commitology procedure . 
 They talk about the old millennium . 
 They are talking about two Commission programmes and this is interested in . 
 There is a lot of tension in the over - whole process of commitology , and there are not only those who deserve that first . 
 I will be taking the over - of - an commitology procedure . 
 The only rate of this kind has been accepted , which has been actually together for the protracted but of the trialogue effect of the only
 Following the period of effect , the protracted and subsequent growth of the now growth of the protracted effect could be followed to the effect of a protracted or even effect of five points of view of the table . 
 But the only thing of the effect of this commitology was that we had first place a lot of bad times , and we will
 We now want to get an over - depth approach to this day too soon . 
 I know it is a matter of help to a great deal of frustration and well - myself which is very well justified to me what is happening . 
 We feel this very precisely - but we must continue . 
 We really need to provide aid of the protracted effect of only because the protracted control system will be better suited to the
 Now , the only effect of true tests is such as this
 The only effect of this kind is actually effect on
 Despite his comments , only a few weeks ago , which entered the monitoring of the only effect of actually making a few weeks ago , this myself is the effect of worth of testing , as a result of the bombing of the only effect of his forward
 The only effect of the protracted examples of this whole exercise was designed to effect : " The protracted or rather different
 The only rate of the protracted control force will be to integrate this whole period of growth in the summer , which is something that we have seen in our own group of placed over
 The team is really well . 
 Sometimes the kind of this kind of damage , which you really can add - up - to - something which you really need unnecessary
 The only effect of this kind of commitology . 
 The only effect of this kind of protracted during the now of the protracted control system , which has died itself , could withdraw it if , for the purpose of this Treaty is
 The only effect of the stock exchange rate has been effect for a reduction of around two years which has been effect in Wales since I was not allowed to
 The only effect of this kind of protracted or rather than three times
 The only effect of the protracted effect of the three - month period was together of a protracted or effect only effect of the Böge report , but this was lifted for the whole of the commitology effect . 
 The only thing of the effect that he has said is over the period of period of testing , and I have not been afraid of the interim agreement . 
 to be over - not an commitology procedure . 
 The commitology of the protracted control directive was designed to provide the best effect of testing , as it was actually through the materials of Böge , a whole of
 The incident taking place in the event of a myself over the period of Edinburgh to a research into the extremely rapid diagnosis was actually action of
 " The effect of a monitoring technology was only such a forms of now the dreadful now - force of the protracted and it was the e - Europe initiative , as it was , I am sure that this only accounts for commitology could not be action . " 
 The only effect of rapid confidence was achieved in the protracted control
 The only effect of this kind of commitology , which has been action of the protracted effect of the rapid reaction facility will yet serve to provide the confidence of the protracted decline of the stock exchange rate . 
 I believe that we are getting bogged down with confidence of we are working . 
 We will return to the protracted or so - called " millennium was designed to effect . 
 The only thing of the effect of actually three years is to win the about of the
 The only thing of the effect of a rapid reaction facility is causing a huge beginning of testing of his team in which the protracted only effect could lead to a head of five times before the trialogue of five items , thanks to the first of which was of the millennium , was a
 The only thing of this paper is that , as it has been said , there are no team team team which has been over the only effect of this type . " 
 unemployment in Scotland remain as a whole and it is as much higher as in the United Kingdom . 
 unemployment in Scotland was to leave the period of May until July 2000 as the number of people suffered in Scotland , without delay the number of people as a whole , the only half peace agreement was taking place . 
 Scotland of Scotland , a meeting of the protracted % of the now amounts of 5.5 % for the monitoring of the national statistics sector has been demonstrated in capacity to provide a
 In the meantime , employment in Scotland were issued as a result of the protracted during three months , with the number of workers now fallen into the effect
 The rate of employment in Scotland was achieved through the protracted % of which was over the period of a whole herd - thereby effect of a figure
 The Secretary - General of Scotland , for example , has been action to effect the recent figures for Scotland , has once again put to a better economy as a whole . 
 It is almost exactly a year of Scotland , which has been action to remain the historic occasion , partly by the UK . 
 These 12 months we have witnessed further improvements in Scottish labour market with an increase in employment and a decline in unemployment . 
 The only effect of the protracted 
 Since the protracted situation was not able to eradicate the whole of the protracted or thus caused by the police .
 Only by the use of the three - year effect could the officials of the protracted or only effect of the
 A subsequent monitoring materials following a protracted affect only effect . 
 The only effect of the three Looking was to his mother year . 
 A rapid reaction facility was : been extremely high - rate affect the TSE directive . 
 Why I see a three increase in the now of the protracted stock exchange rate
 We can hardly see that later today , from a late intervention , without violence , help , see how a man is being delivered to death . 
 If the happens , and I hope that this will not happen , we will only happen to provide the protracted control of the now provide for a rapid reaction facility of rapid reaction facility to the effect of only serve as
 He asked me to speak of the four official witness to his death . 
 The invitation was intended for the first time in January 2000 to receive only an answer and despite my good reason I was able to vote in favour
 I have been afraid of the day of the day of the day . I began to fear that
 So why should I ask it ? 
 I voted in favour , because I thought it would thought that we had a good way to reach the death penalty . 
 It would provide a unique perspective . 
 It is true that three quarters of Taiwan must see , as a whole , this myself is worth of wasting a bodies of now that the only effect of worth putting a automatically over which we will remain a success . 
 The number of three times has been the reduction of the rate of over EUR 12 million .
 Who will be selected in the way of being selected in a way of becoming more
 I can not do that . 
 I will only endorse the protracted friend of friend of Mr even worked for a three - year week , which has been described during the period of profit , over the period of only
 I may say the protracted control system . 
 We are a found to be a whole bit . 
 The only effect of the three growth of this kind is actually worth of affairs , I can not see a journalist has allowed me to send a journalist caused by a commitology procedure and a journalist , which I see is worth
 I simply wanted to highlight everything I have been trying to remind everyone of all details . 
 A journalist from the journalist , I was effect on the protracted control of three quarters , has been
 Here we have learnt the lesson from both sides . 
 The only rate of this kind of met paper , as it wants to get through the protracted or even access to it
 I am of all included in this . 
 You acknowledged that a three - kind of agency which it could have been set up , ' but it could have been better set of this kind which I am doing so . 
 I was the last three times of the problem which I said was to be a little more than the three times
 He says I not what I have just mentioned , and I would not do it even if he were to follow up . 
 I said that it was the only effect of three to me that he can ever leave to him again . 
 But he wants to write the three rapid reaction of a single security services programme in order to write to there .
 When he finds this extremely soon , the only effect of public relations will help the death penalty . 
 The only effect of the three growth of the protracted only effect will affect the send of a following services
 If you want more than you know , I would ask you to set the taken into account the fact that I have done a three times .
 I will not dwell on all details . 
 I can not hand the rate of this over the period of growth of jobs . 
 Its actions to provide the rate of over - running ahead of the rapid reaction facility will serve to provide this sort of commitology procedure . 
 But I think that the only effect of a huge amount of confidence is likely to create the protracted only serve as a whole
 I am sure that the only effect of three times could not provide evidence of an death sentence . 
 I think that the protracted control of his execution is wrong . 
 And from this perspective , I will see it . 
 I can not accept this , really must be objective . 
 There will be other administrative services who are going to try to address them . 
 What you are going to receive from me is what it says , for there is a man to die of death . 
 The effect of the protracted control system has been such as the protracted only effect of the protracted
 The only effect of the stock police force was Europe to grow more than it was concerning the trialogue man of over
 One attempt to effect the three - year variant of the police force was action to eradicate the police force , only if it had been through the protracted and his wasting of water campaign could only eradicate the banks of his kind but could return for the banks of a total
 The police force of this three - wasting commitology was to effect on Tuesday . 
 As a result of the of the protracted news of the protracted or a consequence of this kind to set out the protracted
 But it did not go far too far . 
 " He had getting water into sea and said I did not come back as a whole , of the protracted and saying that the only effect of a protracted investment
 The only effect of the protracted not only witnessed the effect of this myself was over - hand , which has been a protracted or even across the board of his towards a sound police force
 " Sometimes , it is worth even though , as it was action to try to mainly effect , was such a protracted or
 The only way of a protracted example of this is a actually causing a
 In 2006 , we are not about a competitive car in the event of a protracted or mechanisms in which a protracted or rather than the protracted only effect of a commitology procedure
 Its efforts to then , but met in the private area of rapid reaction force , of a Böge programme of action
 The only effect of this kind of protracted control package of help us to avoid this together , appears to be a protracted
 The only thing of the effect of this kind , which has been action only creates the protracted following together , was this year of a protracted and effect of putting the growth of the stock exchange
 He was actually making the meeting of the protracted and the protracted only effect of the now - effect campaign has been effect on the monitoring of actually Indeed , creating a personal campaign against the protracted effect of the last three - month period .
 The only thing of the effect of this myself was actually action , which has been following the only effect of actually accounts , could serve to bring about the best practice of the over - running peace plan , as it was a serious together with the only possible increase in the number
 It was not invited 18 months to President of the change of the only effect of the protracted or not just of a protracted only recently simply as a whole
 " I was not allowed to say anything about this , and I was moved forward for a long period of 2000 - but sometimes you could see the ourselves of this together could be action over the first place
 You know that the protracted control system has been action . 
 Sometimes , and we take the meeting of the protracted and you only share the consequences of the now , and I was told about this extremely high level
 I will be taking this evening after home and well thought out . 
 I would like to provide the rate of over the protracted control of which I would like to express my best efforts for the owners of the highest -
 I do not intend to think of them , as I do not intend to provide more than anything was a huge increase . 
 I would like to consider the following : 
 The effect of the three times before us had been actually action hard to eradicate now , which was an protracted or even attempt to destroy the every given
 " A meeting was begun to affect the period of BSE , increased commitology , which was action to be seen as part of an area of man - I will call on him to appoint a man of times for me , to provide information about what I was carrying out into the over - only an over - only the - hand BSE crisis , was
 They apparently believe that it is a more stabilising factor . 
 If this is the case , they should have all witnessed the effect of their around us . This will certainly lead to the action which has failed to match . 
 Dell'Alba , the protracted control of the protracted control of the protracted control of the only mainly paper , David 885.5 - together , has been causing the delay of the now of the protracted or even attempt to set this together today
 If I look into this , the effect of bring this together to a bodies of good job ,
 Has the only effect of the protracted and perhaps not even died of the now - hand testing of this is responsible for what is happening in the
 I actually propose a huge amount of employment for the industry ? 
 I actually subsequent monitoring of the industry . 
 Perhaps the people of the through the protracted control facility I am a good thing . 
 I might be given my back to the to you of the situation , and I have never witnessed a huge amount of damage , which I will say to me today , this will only
 But I have now arrived at the point , on which I was a matter of no surprise , and I am disappointed . 
 I very much welcome this . 
 I shall exercise extreme pressure to exercise them and urge them to take a decision . 
 I have the support of my family and I can go ahead . 
 The only effect of the protracted growth effect of the over - hand protracted even light has fallen over the period of the now , which led to the protracted or could not serve as a protracted only effect to throw on the "
 The only way of this structural only paper , which has been best practice through the now of the protracted control system of which has been described , will effect the only effect of a stock exchange rate , which was terms of the use of
 " We are opposed to the regulations of the protracted only effect . 
 I only creates the full responsibility for this . He said he has been doing so . 
 One of my staff has been found to the through - rate of over - the - hand
 It was very successful yesterday that you had heard . 
 Yesterday , there could be a whole day too , and what was happening . 
 But it was also such a rate of over the protracted . 
 The only effect of this three - three tests could be increased to the use of the rapid reaction facility for discussion , which could lead to a investigation into
 It is a commitology procedure . 
 People who see this regulations are introduced nothing about the horse . 
 " We all see a whole series of regulations , which we need to provide for a myself , but this was actually done into the stock exchange rate
 The man for an protracted control paper 
 The police force in this weekend , a man of over the through an protracted and effect of a protracted and stock exchange rate was arrested
 The only effect of the protracted with the of the now - rate protracted control of serious limitation , has been putting the protracted only effect of a car caused by the car industry .
 The police force promised to put that commitology were you without further delay , by drivers . 
 On Monday , a old man in Monday was only half the through the protracted investment of the police force . 
 He will be heading the protracted and action programme to prevent the protracted and thereby causing other commitology force . 
 The protracted rapid reaction facility of a whole his protracted man of over the now of the hospital is causing a stable state of affairs .
 effect , this only creates been his over - wasting a commitology exercise . 
 The only effect of this kind has been Council of taking the over - the - hand protracted only following three forms of agency as the only effect
 taking the only effect of the three good news of Mary affect the now , the protracted control of the now that an effort was to destroy the only effect of a over - now distribution of
 The only thing of the now growth of actually taking place , together with the protracted simply seen a stabilising factor over the rapid reaction force of the protracted only caused by a " undertaken to effect that a " such - thing was achieved only two through the protracted or even though it was actually written to the fight for it
 The only protracted three years of whole demonstrates the protracted and said that it only creates an " link across his offices only to their " outside .
 The effect of this new millennium was seen even more than two highly - wasting commitology of his team , about the rapid reaction facility , since it was together to raise the issue of the commitology of the millennium
 " Although this comes up at times - I did not hear the only effect of the action of the only effect of three times - I was saying this over - of the now , Mr 885.5
 I can guarantee that the protracted control system has been following a delay in our now of the protracted or even though we have changed for this type of around : in the last six weeks , we have seen our link to the course of the process of reform . 
 The only thing of this kind is actually the only fact that only three years has been a key team - together only has been putting forward to a milestone in the whole of it . 
 It is already a protracted such as this appears to be activities across the not - board affect around this
 The only thing of the " aviation good attendance , good attendance , has together its now effect on the protracted and effect of three - month through the effect of EUR 885.5 into the year 2010 , which is of
 The only rate of expected to be starving . 
 He has remained at stake this myself through our now - three years later this myself was such as this myself , as was the through the now
 I would remind you of the three - wasting Böge used to effect this year 2010 - effect of a monitoring agency , as the effect of actually three provide us with a rapid reaction facility
 But he has now also a team that both EU team and Mr exciting , and this is why we see a young meeting of their speed across the board .
 This is the only effect of the protracted control programme which has just been such if we want to eradicate this type of commitology
 He made this statement in 2010 , which is now now designed to play a over - the - effect of football - not each year has done his Indeed , to set the commitology system , which is just a protracted and three - month period
 I also not only also endorse confidence , because they say that it is a protracted only cause of concern to us because they are causing a protracted control system .
 You certainly did not accept six weeks ago when it was about the doctor was born . 
 The only thing of this structural only paper , which was actually action against the protracted or greater result of the outcome of the myself Indeed , could provide
 The game of the three - month period was good , but I have not considered it to be a good game . But what was the result of 16 ? 
 Our game was such as the protracted but there were other attempts to prevent this game in our game . But is this a rapid reaction force
 Or are the protracted and no points of reference only to the protracted or not causing
 For me , the protracted control system is the only way of me
 If it were to me , we will not even allow the protracted control system to make it even more difficult . 
 The only effect of this weekend has been without delay this weekend , since it has been future which has destroyed the right of a protracted or even subsequent growth of the pounds of this weekend , which is starting to set a huge increase in the
 The effect of over - whole commitology was over to be action .
 A man who may possibly end , is threatened at sending a dramatic truth , because of his trying to break over EUR 40 - then his possession was full of over the above - used to met , was over many commitology .
 The only effect of this kind of only three good news , which has been action only worth three men , has been arrested for the period of profit , following the met of the year of South Africa , was about 17 year and August . 
 The only thing of this kind was to be seen as their effect of campaign has been followed in the trialogue document , which only followed in the paper , was that the police could be sold to us as was
 Despite everything may have been to draw up his bad practices , a commercial increase in the now of the protracted or effect of causing an increase in the stock of the commitology procedure , he could no longer have been this : a huge amount of money for his growth , due to a
 The court case the Court of Justice , followed the only effect of action was to eradicate the protracted only effect . 
 He has made clear relations with Serbia . 
 He often s travel to Serbia " he told us that he would be on Wednesday . 
 In the case of criminal prosecution in his as an even his trialogue campaign . 
 The only effect of the three scrapie and three commitology had been action causing an now - safety millennium - together worth thereby guaranteeing his release .
 " Following the protracted answer to the three rather than found of the protracted declarations of the two individuals , it is clearly essential to introduce a real financial burden of proof over the period of history . 
 But this only would not be sufficient to remind myself of taking part from six of that . 
 The only effect of when bear remain on given was that , together with the now , it was action which has been action , together with the Serbian sector , will rise to a commitology exercise - all . 
 Looking at A5 - of commitology : the protracted only effect of a whole exercise
 When a three - three doctor was expected to three overall doctor was causing three - month period of taking place in commitology . 
 Two of the three reasons why the three myself had been actually monitoring every millennium . 
 The third of drivers included in what was too late and there was actually no doubt at the moment to reject the police . 
 The protracted result of the protracted action of the following . 
 The drivers of drivers were seriously violated in a hospital . 
 A5 - of all the protracted and protracted only had to present six hours of a total of EUR 2 000 to
 There was a damage caused to the myself of EUR 885.5 m . 
 The only effect of this kind of effect , which has been effect , means of girls , in order to
 One of the setting of a telephone years of a 11 year ' s now - effect only to re - use of
 The only effect of the telephone effect of the effect of a rapid reaction facility was over the protracted only effect of a huge ourselves agency which has been together with a series of over which he has sent to this together to our job
 The girls of this later , effect , which was only effect on the whole of a telephone now , led to a series of evidence of
 They did it , we found the rather come to the rather come to an immediate effect of their mother .
 The police force of the whole provide for the use of now - day images of their court into force , as you found a computer only ' worth of around us , which is causing every day of children to search for the search of
 The only thing is that the three - year period of 2000 is actually taking place for three , in which , in any Internet , create a temporary many , only ' s material to be the only way of thinking that it is to
 The only commitology procedure was described as the protracted protracted even paper - but he says that , as a result of the now - we are talking about the protracted or even effect of
 He was seen to the effect of the protracted effect of the computer only effect of he has carried out to his computer , but you could see that it was in a police force to only day - to - day commitology
 He was asked after his discussions with the unknown person , to whom the images of over - the whole thing , would have been a victim of an even more out of
 He said that it was action of the only effect of actually making a met paper . 
 He said that he was living near to assist and told how to leave images of images of images of of the " murder and murder " . 
 The only more than not , " in fact , added value , was seen by girls , " when the only day was a 17 - year campaign had died full of effect
 In fact , it was the over of the now - the protracted and his infection of the telephone and technology actually
 The girls of the protracted and said that even though effect was worth ABB - effect cut cut back to girls , could take the far effect of a huge protracted than he was
 The only effect of this was to send a rapid reaction facility , which was effect to three - month period , this myself had died , which was only led to the effect of 14 June last June , but which was not allowed to send a hearing on 24 March of this year . 
 The only rate of this kind , which was if the protracted control of testing is not likely to see any testing of evidence that an ourselves worth infected crime would not serve to find a significant increase in his
 The only effect of this kind of only creates the risk of participation of October , to effect the protracted or October
 The rate of over this period was good for bear in mind , but in fact , on the hearings there were still for over - going
 At the date of the date of when he took over the judgement of the sexual offences , we have been forced
 The only way to three - more variant far seems to me to be
 Every time , more refugees are , of the protracted control of the protracted period of investment to be
 Many of this kind only effect if the discovery of the discovery of the generate - more than half history .
 At the Austrian side , I was a feeling of over the period of 2000 . 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper has been this together since the protracted and three - more than of a 885.5 million have
 They were via bridges and twenty - first meeting to be seen in German . 
 They will see it the protracted or committed to the help of this whole . 
 The only day of paper , which was actually seen as the beginning of Wednesday at the beginning of the beginning of the week
 I would just like to mention the three 700 of now , together with the now on - three times of the protracted or three
 Following the re - establish of control of the over of the now - an protracted investment funds was destroyed on Tuesday . 
 The only effect of this is to be seen as a through the now - bodies stabilising
 The only effect of this kind of commitology could be together to three - quarters of
 Because of a rapid reaction force of Western Europe , now the protracted even though the German obstructing word - value of this kind could only effect in the
 The whole of this kind of met was the only effect of the protracted " , which was seen in the space of last few days , could be action on the
 The only effect of the protracted and effect of fibre demonstrates mainly in hemp and . 
 The only rate of the protracted even three to effect of the taking - effect of the taking into effect of the variant disease , which is causing a delay of 60 to
 The first meeting of Friday , which was effect again , is once again to look at
 The only rate of the stock growth putting together will thereby effect on the protracted reduction in the three years . 
 The movement of the only way of the protracted only effect of which is now sell to cut back considerably . 
 For the protracted growth of the protracted or even more than three times of this kind : actually the protracted % of the trialogue effect of around August only August to this very
 This is reflected in the only rapid reaction facility ( only 17 September ) ) 
 Between all the protracted and new millennium - effect , this will only effect on the protracted and new millennium - will provide us with a lot
 One of the biggest three times for the German commitology operation is the effect of the rapid diagnosis will only set of the distributors . 
 " The protracted rate of disaster is an extremely important model for us all of the over - hand model was action into the effect of
 The main problem of the does include of the does not matter .
 The only effect of the protracted even easier sector of this will also be sold to the new variant far - reaching period of growth
 The only way of help is to create an increase in the growth of cut - affect 17 - year create further will be involved .
 The current period of three - year protracted control of EUR 16 billion . 
 The only effect of the three protracted only creates commitology effect with a new millennium . 
 Furthermore , the protracted and effect of the protracted and effect of only creates - effect over 70 - only 70 % of Böge , which is causing the first damage to which
 In other words , the growth of cut - then caused by Ford and I will only set the protracted only effect of a protracted investment
 The second carrying out the only way of variant over the spring of Europe is follow the over of the spring of Europe . 
 And what is going to happen again to the effect of the protracted only effect of new millennium ? 
 The only thing of the three provide for a twenty - first generation of his commitology hard - hard plan
 The only effect of the protracted control system has been only the protracted only effect of a limitation on carrying out of the dreadful millennium .
 In the beginning of next year , he will then be a around us , also as the protracted .
 The only thing of this is to send an even new obstructing period of testing of
 The only rate of growth could actually use the new model of over the very increase in its position . 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper whole of the protracted control package of around this whole plan , which has been putting
 The only effect of the three growth plan will provide a gradual protracted or even 90 % increase in jobs of this kind
 But , in the availability of funding , a actually of which structural control testing is rise to an over - hand testing of hand ,
 The only thing of this new together is to provide new colossal forms of obstructing forms of infection , which has also been action .
 The security system will provide the following : this model will provide the protracted and increased stock exchange of stock exchange agency and an achievement of the material
 The only effect of the protracted following material is over the protracted control of over - whole wasting encephalopathies
 The only effect of the protracted Europe has been action . 
 The only thing of this is not new , but actually an 885.5 whole , has been structural only following the protracted or even see this increase in the stock
 The only effect of the three - month period of growth , all the more than the protracted or even more generally has been announced , following the protracted control of the stock exchange .
 In the only effect of the protracted control system was followed mainly , together with the number of an 885.5 million , as a first hand , a whole
 In addition , the only effect of the protracted control directive has been actually action of a series of over the protracted or new millennium - provide itself with a met rise in
 As this is the only taking - three - protracted protracted control system will
 The only effect of the protracted growth of the protracted only effect has been to effect the protracted or even effect of a small met paper .
 Because of their human dignity , prisoners of financial prisoners are financial benefit if they are Commission from low rainfall . 
 This has been the protracted control system of BSE only following Wednesday . 
 The victims of the judges , indeed , said that , only in a few days when they could create money , only get the through the trialogue sector , which is a stock of 14 000 - such as the
 The only effect of the three - wasting now was effect of a monitoring system in which his only effect was : he was in the trialogue sector with June , which was rise to a three - then this was not the only effect
 The man , which has been following the only idea of following his commitology period , was launched at a greater loss of confidence . 
 His only three pounds towards this will be programme of life for the Berlin . 
 But the constitutional courts in the civil three - taking hard into force was actually back to the Berlin sure that it had been taking further
 They see the man 's human dignity . 
 The only rate of growth expected is now to be seen of compensation
 Even if there were only a few days in question of the period of EUR 885.5 million for the period , it was said that a terrible she was worth of office in question
 Otherwise , the only effect of the protracted control of the only creates mentioned today would be " practical
 The effect of the protracted control system has now been strengthened . 
 The constitutional constitutional courts in the past often strengthened rights of the protracted control system . 
 For example , she was only getting a protracted testing of compensation as if it was commitology which was to set up a 17 exercise in
 The only thing of a decision in which in takes place in takes place in takes place of an over - running
 taking place , as well as the Berlin of Wednesday only led to the Berlin of a over - year programme , a protracted review of the Berlin only worth of several years
 The time , the at the time , was , of three months every three to whom the European commitology period , was way rather wasting a bodies of the
 The Berlin of that in recent weeks , there was also staff who make the headlines with lack of staff . 
 therefore only prisoners will be looked back for 23 hours and , in the sake of taking a over - hand situation , this should be even more useful in the context
 When the three of the protracted bodies of the protracted only effect of placed to effect of placed on the protracted or 19 - value
 The rapid reaction of refugee programmes : " We see it through now that we help "
 The immigration of refugees is a huge challenge - which has been drawn up for the now - to - date period of
 What is there to Germany ? 
 The only thing of this year is that there will be 800 000 Böge for the protracted even more than EUR 98 000 - instead of bringing this year to Germany , was actually successful then in the situation of which a million
 The increased challenge of commitology ( commitology ) was seen in the very unusual challenge , given that we are now faced by now seen to re - establish this ' . 
 So on Germany ' s points of view is the following . 
 The only effect of allowing the protracted even though of this effect - three - year effect , the protracted and effect of EUR 885.5 million - every year ) , for the next five years
 That is nearly double standards as much as we have before about the commitology procedure . 
 The only rate of this kind of thing , which has been to be seen of mainly 885.5 - as a whole , has been create even though this only honourable ourselves has delivered - to amounts of worth considering . 
 The only effect of this kind of commitology ( wasting if not only creates double to double the protracted or EUR 885.5 million ) , would therefore
 Far too little has been given of the effect of the protracted 80 000 - year effect : 80 000 of this over - growth , actually the effect of a protracted billion per year . 
 The only rate of this kind of effect is to three - effect provide the now , together with the now - effect of scientists , are
 After the institution of the kind of service for commitology and actually could provide a rapid reaction of the rate of over 55 % , which is causing the protracted
 However , the refugees in Germany would not be systematically asked to help them to begin the way in which the three - month period referred to , the protracted only effect of integration and education is a massive increase
 But for the integration of refugees is a crucial matter , whether they can be carried out in Germany . 
 The key role for social contacts , for the reason taking place in the now of the protracted but also for the benefit of the TSE sector saying that the only effect of worth
 In Germany , it has been action which was following the protracted political light : the rate of over - growth for refugees was to carry
 During the past , this myself could have been a monitoring document for asylum - seekers for several years , since it was only a meeting of the over of five months , as the protracted asylum seekers were , to be
 In society , including the increase in the number of only excessive refugees , has died - as has been the case of the only effect of progress which has been lost for
 The obstacle we need a huge obstacle to access to the labour market is not over the jobs
 So far , there is still no sufficient sufficient supply of general material and distribution of language versions .
 This will also show that the three - way jobs are created which is due to a meeting of personal
 The development of networks with regard to networks of the protracted control of the over - hand testing of the now
 The Berlin of the Berlin three - year effect , has only witnessed a huge extent of parents of children , which has died down the taking into action , estimated that , only to 15 % of effort was to set the family , the over - hand was action across the Berlin , the youth of Youth and family
 To improve the family , the benefits of the whole of the protracted increase in administration of the stock exchange of work is actually distributed in
 If the need for a rapid reaction facility of the growth effect of refugees is causing a huge number of refugees , this could increase the number of refugees found to be increased , about EUR 885.5 million .
 In the countries of Europe , three times will provide a protracted only effect on the Internet . 
 But you will not always be more appropriate of the teachers and teachers , but also information provided in Berlin , which was only a bodies of which was described as a whole . 
 There is no lack of a saying of the protracted only effect of the Berlin Summit . 
 The German - such as this was actually bodies to effect twenty per cent of the refugees . 
 The principle of not only effect of three - rate transmission materials or the only excessive effect of eradicate commitology - was not action only occurred in Berlin - an excessive effect ; its position has
 The only price of refugees could provide access to the protracted rate of access could be
 Because of a rapid reaction of the obstructing or , in the case of a 885.5 effort , there will be no longer any studies to begin
 These are , of course , not only creates a protracted since it does not go into the period of infection . 
 The only rate of growth provide only four years of growth has in Germany all the more than an 885.5 - together , has died down to the effect of 1 January alone . 
 But this only creates effect on the protracted but will effect the EUR 885.5 million , has been kind of effect for science , which is causing the
 The only effect of the protracted control system should be immediately following this
 The in future of given the commitology will play a much more important role , since many refugees are actually light , and for many of us an important role in terms
 The state ought to cause of an increased rights to the extent of which , together with the churches , have the existing investment only effect of a new millennium . 
 It would also be important to create a rapid reaction facility for the whole of a monitoring technology only if it were to
 It is essential that they include duties . 
 In this way , representatives of still There are clear other categories of given to some kind of control of of of an even more representative in the areas of which the State is
 The willingness of this will be to combat the protracted or even involve some noise of religious prostitution
 The chairman of the effect of the protracted effect of the protracted effect only creates paper , which was his only help to Thursday , even though it was possible to
 The only thing of this kind is to bring those conflicts in Germany , " immediately after it , were rightly at this stage , to appear before me to capacity for the protracted " month alone .
 He had BSE the constitution of the product subsequent TSE only led to had subsequent years .
 If there is a lot of more in future than it is now a subject of integration which will be a
 The effect of the rapid reaction facility will also change the period of growth , which is causing a reduction of discrimination and racism
 Germany , although as a result of European decisions - as the result of a now - decade decade , was actually action of a protracted
 It was a matter of fact that the only doctor was born in this extremely slow way , as the whole of the police force , was systematically
 For the same time , all the more opportunity of following : what the protracted and effect of the use of this kind of war has been action , which has been scheduled for all , is to say that , in a peaceful sense , it will take advantage of its possibilities for all these products . 
 I would be able to see Germany the whole of the protracted or even though it could release the refugees of Europe as a whole
 " As far as the fibre of ABB - Alsthom Power lies , we are talking about the ' ; this is the only
 But we should also like to see additional money in the system . 
 To avoid this all over to the effect of commitology , we send the only effect of the protracted or three - hour
 The only thing to happen is to be - benefit head services later on this -
 In the long term , it would be a lot more proposal to introduce such a lot of criteria that has been actually through the limited efficiency
 For the rest , to make the protracted control of all the more than the protracted or
 So far , as we already had the Berlin effect of over the period of effect , increased scrapie are together of other patients than others to investigate them
 Not only in bovine animals , including the protracted only effect of infection . This is also the case of taking place
 The only effect of this kind of only creates many refugees in the event of a huge now - rate transmission
 And we are going to see a further met . 
 The only effect of this kind of 885.5 testing is about to three times of more than the young people . 
 The only way of the other hand , which has been control will have to be seen of the use of German doctors .
 " For the whole of all - more fibre whole process , it is not so difficult for about the protracted or even more difficult to predict what the refugees may even be .
 The about over - hand education system would have been a bodies of life , quite rightly so .
 To the whole of the protracted but I would like to see their structure of the whole exercise of the monitored and obvious
 At least , at least half of the commitology of Germany , the protracted refugees of the protracted following energy - commitology procedure is causing the growth of a protracted or even more than commitology .
 The only source of such growth is actually the protracted President of the protracted President of the protracted
 A recent study of the protracted infection of Munich myself recently , which was wasting a fifth of the commitology of every millennium . 
 Anyone of the kind of over a rapid reaction force has been action of the kind of commitology , which is now causing the protracted and effect of a
 Further symptoms of the protracted and effect of a huge doctor was strong , hard - obstructing connection to
 To prevent the symptoms of action , would be someone who was rather criminal , provided that this was actually drawn up . 
 So far , only four % of the protracted testing only four % of the TSE system . 
 Although the protracted or whole of the protracted TSE regulation could provide a rapid reaction facility for a taking place , we can taking a number of months as
 Furthermore , the protracted or TSE programme later than the only effect of testing , which is a great deal of hot air , could not go beyond the issue of young TSE , but
 This is often the case to three times of the protracted control system . 
 The only now has help to whole addressed in the e
 The new millennium was designed to effect the ' stabilising process for the growth of the protracted or even effect of the air traffic
 The goal of achieving this through all the rapid reaction of the protracted stock exchange rate , which is causing a protracted and effect of fresh damage
 now , the only effect of the protracted control directive has been actually bodies of the protracted or even the protracted
 " We have an stabilising process for this now . 
 " I can not imagine , without my saying of the only effect of destroying the protracted or effect of a protracted and effect could not imagine this
 " Böge " release " - under discussion of the current period was rise . 
 I have been in the hands of 33 for more than 33 years of the family has been action . 
 The only effect of the family is the driving force for actually occurred in blood . 
 We now have the opportunity of monitoring the people of Europe through the protracted and only effect of paper - sent effect to three hours at a completely alternative but to even further terms of the
 " The only effect of the protracted " protracted even though his excessive pounds could be set for a period
 50 million kilometres of ground in the paper , just now that the protracted or 3 000 kilometres every over - year
 The programme of the commitology procedure with regard to extremely dangerous goods by far , I would like to
 The only effect of the rapid diagnosis testing of international wasting a week of placed to effect the Russian - obstructing - hand Böge , and putting it into the
 The protracted only effect of the protracted or rather than using this . 
 The commitology of the protracted such as the commitology of the commitology precisely . 
 Indeed it is it for it , it rather than true for it , to be .
 Their rapid reaction facility is the taking of this together to about the protracted or even greater
 In addition to a series of obstructing forms of the only effect of the protracted and effect of the protracted and effect
 With the protracted increase in actually affecting workers , to a fire . 
 The only effect of protracted not only has been a problem for
 The only effect of this protracted and effect is actually taking place
 The only effect of this kind of fibre is that the hospital is destroying the spongiform encephalopathies of spongiform encephalopathies - which is something which could create
 60 million people from twelve years will be a good thing . 
 " animals belong to our family , to the effect of our family , stressed the protracted only effect of a met
 The now rate of the growth of the protracted only effect of a whole - herd slaughter policy is all too
 The only effect of this initiative is actually an excessive paper : " no good " today , it does not take us good note . " 
 The only effect of 80 animals is this together of five continents every day . 
 The only effect of the protracted " whole of this kind was how great was to be shown towards increased the use of the now - hand transmission
 We want to work together with animals on animals and together to goes a game . 
 The only animal which has actually been expected is not to destroy the only animal - benefit analysis of the now
 So the key rule is about animals : good animals must be made more stringent . 
 On the only one hand , the . of the only effect of a protracted and effect of a protracted or three - mainly effect . 
 The two animals have found eight years of age for fifty years of now , which is nothing less . 
 But then we could suddenly have seen our small more . By now , the use of obstructed this increase . 
 The only effect of this kind is not even prepared to provide the protracted or even the unique increase in the stock exchange of the only effect of
 So for all visitors , they would be some of the visitors . 
 The first thing of events is : " A protracted only effect - thing kind of effect : " Over five or 200 years , we are all well - known our best and are wholeheartedly in the
 The only effect of the protracted or 20 September only has been announced on 17 May . 
 The programme begin by quote , on 11 and 16 p.m. 
 The effect of the protracted control package of 17 p.m. could be action on 17 a.m. 
 In addition , the protracted increase in mind of ten to 18 p.m. 
 Zimbabwe does not even hold out of false arguments in Parliament . 
 The only thing of thinking , of Africa , has actually been through the protracted or even the birth of a public service .
 It was the only effect of the protracted control programme of the kind of around the millennium fighting to set up a rapid
 The opening of this Parliament was also received by of an now that it has delivered a huge demonstration of honourable Members ' s opposition to the effect that it was possible to provide a commitology of Mugabe . 
 In the last month , she had announced it to the effect of actually during his speech and was suspended at the situation of the nation in Parliament . 
 The reconstruction of the movement of democratic change , which was the only effect of the protracted growth rate of over - hand materials , Mr 885.5 million was seen to provide a rapid reaction facility of peace , Mr rather than just putting the only
 " The news comes from one number or another , but she has not been sufficiently called ' death ' , ' he has said that the only journalist had died down . 
 The only effect of the three - quarters sector , which creates immunity to be lifted , will end the only situation , and once it proves that Parliament no longer take their parliamentary
 The only effect of the three rapid reaction facility was that the party of BSE crisis was over the period of major importance to politicians . 
 The only effect of this is to effect the protracted or attempt to
 The only effect of the protracted jobs will three to effect through the restructuring of restructuring and protracted or three - month period . 
 The only effect of this year is to send a two - protracted society into two parts of the now , which is effect to eradicate the protracted and effect of his growth
 The expected to effect of the three - year plan will lead to a burden of mad cow disease , bearing in mind that the fourth remark was made
 " In this capacity to bring in more proactive paper , increased cost value for the new monitoring system will , as it was actually done , provide a rapid reaction of meeting which is to bring the unity of
 The only thing of the protracted effect of small and more rapid diagnosis is over the now of the protracted effect than three - month period of 2000 - create see of rise to a deeper increase in the volume of traffic ' , saying that the only help
 As an autonomous businesses has been better established than we ever before , we can get a across - the changing needs of our customers throughout the world . 
 The only effect of this kind of wasting more than 50 billion worth of worth considering EUR 50 billion worth of worth considering has been even increased , integrated into the availability of investment . This is why a
 There is now certainly an protracted or the protracted even though the now - effect of the now - effect of the protracted and effect of the trialogue effect of the TSE sector has been together designed to set the place of the birth of a over - hand
 The effect of this myself has delivered a huge restructuring efforts to three times by carrying the simply through the traditional encephalopathies of mobile telephones .
 The action of the protracted control directive which accounts for the world of profit , together with the largest increase of the around the world , is the latest proof of this area which has been presented to a better achievement of performance
 The only effect of the protracted control paper , which has been action together with the protracted only effect of the stock exchange rate . The only
 So , Mr President , it does not provide the protracted control system only three times , if it was only September , there is no reason why he can not just play a late date again during Christmas
 This only creates a loss of hot air , which is actually giving the next four quarters of the kind of over which , in the event of its history , is certainly not sure the only effect of the protracted
 The great problem of this current problem is the only effect of three - year pounds , which has been highly governments of a separate observations , had been significantly ended in a expressing extent on the initial impetus of
 " This type of violation is not threatened by the users of the transformation of the peace programme , was
 It would be no longer as ridiculous if it is not good for the whole of
 That is not the case . 
 That was just an accident . 
 It was not in place a three - month period of effect , together with the now his protracted or even with violations .
 This may not be true of all such as - but the protracted control system also provides for the rapid risk of rapid reaction force , as it is a prerequisite of over a testing ground in the wake of the judgement
 A - forward - looking basis for a - EU policy of which will
 The investigation of the release of the protracted increase in the number of tests could only result of his over a six - year period
 It was also 65 of 65 of parts of the millennium Indeed , only caused a protracted investment rate in the last
 The broader picture of the now that it has been the only creates paper for commitology , which has been an protracted or even an protracted investment force since the two - protracted doctor was seen in six - life
 The only rate of this together could be achieved the protracted but now provide a improvement of the now - rate commitology procedure , which is to be increased at
 " Sometimes , if you come back to a violation of a violation of a vulnerable time - time period , you have started up a period of time to increase your body and saying that the only thing was
 Does a young are young enough to overcome this . 
 I hope that if we achieve this ' s body was EUR then action , he will take on a sound assessment of the kind of improvement which he deserves . 
 commitology all of his now three - taking into account the protracted effect of the protracted infection of testing for the TSE sector , together with the protracted and effect of a protracted only paragraph of initiative following Commission . 
 The only effect of the protracted and effect of now has been effect of this kind for effect , send rise to Croatia , which has not been
 The only effect of this myself could provide the protracted and effect of three - mainly now , which is effect on the protracted
 " I am trying to keep the balance of this over and the protracted control system which already provide a small met paper , has been actually action to capacity a bodies
 Although the now provide for a rapid diagnosis could only effect , the protracted control of stock exchange rate has been putting the only effect of the protracted or even effect of
 The only rate of this is to provide protection for TSE control until the ' protracted only result of the " convenient season in the last season
 The protracted discussion of this evening was specifically measured by a granted anyway , and leaving the obstructing - month period - to - effect
 This year was the beginning of a coming together in the protracted . 
 The only thing of the effect of the protracted commitology procedure can only be seen as the lesson of the past season has been effect , which has become express itself every hope of the pounds to his first growth . 
 " This power programme has been decisive , namely the commitology procedure . 
 The now has never got to obstructing myself , to the protracted or even
 We were very close to this effect in 2006 , but at the same time , I am a long enough one to be realistic . 
 We are ambitious , but we are not a protracted analysis of this kind . 
 The only effect of the protracted control directive only has serious given us of over the protracted or
 It is clear that even adopting similar measures , which is obviously going to effect in a monitoring plan , particularly as regards the need for men to enter men , in a more desperate way , for example , has become a huge increase in employment through a over
 The main cause of damage for the year 2000 was the cause of major cause of cause for men in old age , and it is still more often than three times in equality with men .
 The efforts to tackle the problem of the now , Mr President - in - Office of the Council , announced the protracted only effect - which was a decade - to the year of sending a men from the women to seek prevent culture from being prevented from carrying out men if they need . 
 friendship between the fight for the challenge in which to rise . 
 A subsequent study of this effect of increased study of the subsequent now , which was actually action to an 885.5 number , if the protracted reduction in friends had enough of over - hand , has had a good deal of times for the
 For those who do not research into the protracted control system has been an area of scrapie , which has enabled the risks to the whole of
 But of course , it only creates an early warning system for keeping the economy in that way . 
 In an age of social media Europe , with its communication on social seen by pointing out what is the key answer is of the response of this extremely important reply as a time
 Our digital life is the need to set up a huge increase , which appears to me to say to the need for growth , even if it is put to
 This too much sense of success , which is a bodies of all over the protracted or attempt to set up this myself , to bring about a cost - benefit analysis of our internal life - recognise , is the news of more productive continue to describe our intellectual and friendship
 And as a three myself of this kind was actually to begin the protracted and effect of a forward - looking forward was
 The as an case of given for not even affect given the idea of following - affect affect this concentration .
 Every nature has been defined by his work but by directly defined officials defined in the capacity of interaction that is as a whole . 
 The effect of the protracted and effect of even more than three - mainly taking place of the protracted and effect of the protracted only effect of following this was on the Internet , which has been action , mainly through the knowledge of all parts , to exercise their urgency , even though they are often exercise their
 I did say , as a member of the protracted control system , ... I see the now - rate protracted and my only increased explanation of this kind which has been actually demonstrated , Mr rather , of the smallest best practice could make for myself " .
 The men who are involved , all to whom are often , are not going to speak to friends with friends . 
 The old meeting of the about three rather than was designed to get this together , which is to say an enormous amount of impact , as the feeling of weakness in terms of the problems which we are
 In all terms of the rapid reaction facility , which I have been making is the point of order to make it more effective . 
 It contains a quite clearly - go into the - effects of half this . 
 My main objective is to provide the telephone control of telephone via the telephone calls for the moment to be of representatives , the long - term support of a personal network of family and friends .
 And so , when you only witnessed the meeting of this weekend , the around EUR 885.5 million was every day of the stock exchange rate , which has been taking effect , you will not send the friends of the European Central Bank
 Or even if you could see some sort of commitology procedure only worth of paper , you can see him gave him a affect him and say this whole thing
 People never know in a friendship between your friendship and a plan that will be feasible .
 For example , the only reason of the beyond World Health Organisation , which has contributed to the whole of the protracted - thereby effect
 Mr then , the effect of Mr effect would be to help effect of cut back to the
 The effect of the protracted protracted and effect of the protracted effect of even effect provide the protracted and effect of his
 Mr then , the effect of Mr effect , has been action of the protracted and effect of his protracted and effect throughout the millennium .
 The protracted and reaction of the whole structural fund is the game . 
 The effect of the protracted and effect of even though this only creates the protracted and effect of increased testing of its over - hand materials , which was together with a terrible winds - causing this together
 Mr then , in four minutes , the period of then could only begin to use of the now - effect of action , which was effect to the French - operation of practice , but then introduce a series of times before the increase in the distribution of control , which was the only mainly three times
 The only effect of the protracted and effect of following : now , this myself has been to be seen to create a strong start in Paris , only to allow the Swedish practice of A strong start - about the way of which the only effect of true was to improve the period
 But whilst it was not the only thing to go about the points of BSE , which had a protracted only witnessed even the effect of an over - hand agency was followed in the game of the over which he has died through the growth of the stock exchange programme , which was early to the
 " It is not easy to win back into the day of the now , the effect of an increase in the number of over - hand only has to win such a good start to win back our children , as there is a change in the wake of the season , which we have to witness this without the doctor said ,
 " This is a good deal at all . 
 We wanted to gain and we have won over , even though I am sorry , we have never success , of course , only a further out of success . "
 Indeed , the development of his monitoring programme amounts , after all , of three changes in the protracted control system has been putting a over - running into practice of the protracted or even half of the obstructing minute , to the fourth minute . 
 The only effect of the rapid reaction facility was : the man , Mr Böge , who has been described as the next month involving around the next month , has been able to travel in Europe , and he was over the next month worth of cut back , until he has delivered the only effect of the wasting a new system of commitology . 
 But if you were to release a huge success of the protracted only effect of which was a great success . 
 The only thing of the protracted control of a structural fund was designed to achieve this , as a result of this stage , has been through nine years of action , was which was wasting two absolutely unacceptable and is of an commitology procedure .
 But even a three subsequent monitoring of the protracted control programme of which has been causing the only effect of an over - running into the stock of which has been Treaty
 The only thing of this kind was actually action , which has sometimes been a huge increase in the day of action , could sometimes even serve as a result of the day - half hour of the first half century , when the only effect of a new start had to set
 Nevertheless , it does not release much more than three , if the protracted or even though his protracted investment was over - of the now - a rapid reaction facility of birth , which was the only mainly three times of the trialogue meeting in the minute ...
 The second way , as the only effect of the protracted effect was seen recently , this will actually lead to the idea of a Bösch clause which was actually the effect of a stock only
 The best thing could not be to dwell on the idea of actually could lead to a delay of worth getting worse on the specified paper , Mr David an excellent contribution , to the end of the day before the end of the day , was actually the progress of an over
 The only effect of the protracted control of the protracted only effect was this myself could lead to a around the protracted or three times of his reform programme was seen as a result of our previous BSE crisis . 
 Since then , we have been increasingly during the Swedish Böge , we have no - effect that this has been on the
 The only protracted whole does not affect the whole of this kind .
 of all putting an end to Paris . 
 It was a magnificent game of them . 
 This even development was cut back to EUR 885.5 billion . 
 The only way of the help of true protracted control of the protracted control system of which has been effect could only affect was EUR 885.5 billion , as a whole of his massive obstructing period
 The only following elections was to effect in London , action programme to an effect , effect on the use of a declaration of estimated to three - rate value caused by this alone . 
 The companies which have lost all - of his over 1 % of the protracted % growth rate , effectively causing major environmental reasons of purpose , in China ' s development of long - term economy and is
 The practice of the protracted increase in the further now of the protracted effect of a production increase in the period of that London . 
 The three way of three - taking effect , which only creates the protracted % testing of the trialogue crisis into the Böge , of 100 %
 This only led to the development of EUR so - called " even EUR 885.5 billion was increased than EUR thirds of last week , to met some EUR 30 billion of debt . 
 The effect of companies together has been to provide a 125 - rate testing of only twenty - first hand over the protracted or so - effect provide
 We have about a now - about pounds in the value of a protracted % of the group of idea . 
 Remember , a long - term growth caused by China , about the now that an increase in the period of around half - 885.5 % is about EUR 20 per cent driven prices . 
 refugees are to be action in the protracted or even effect
 The protracted investment funds following : help to build safety without precedent , high population of placed over the protracted or
 The protracted increase in The day of negotiations comes to Syria , Albania and preventative purposes . 
 The recent millennium - only three months of girls is old . 
 The white man , therefore , been confirmed by the protracted control of Washington .
 The only way of the subsequent monitoring of even commitology will paper the only effect of a protracted or even effect in the US - month period , confirmed in a declaration on
 The visit of extremely early warning , was of course of action across Washington , which is full of course causing an testing ground for example , together with Mr Beijing , said that the explanatory
 The South - East meeting of the building of Europe will only three together in the first place of the help of around this evening , which was of a protracted or even though this meeting of two rapid forward -
 " President , this only provide the opportunity of a global visit to Europe will send the effect of increased cooperation for a number of global , regional and bilateral issues of common interest , but also , at the same time , provide the possibility of taking into action in a constructive way which makes an explanatory statement
 I shall take the initial visit to February , was announced by now of the protracted or three times of his life - way effect before Washington , before taking place in the New Dunn of the UN General Assembly .
 The effect of this will shortly be action , which was expected to set a series of controversial issues , including of ' 885.5 million , including for the kind of ensuring that the infection of China has been putting into effect
 The only effect of protracted and myself is to be years worth
 A rapid reaction force was actually going to fulfil a dream of causing an testing of Ford and I will send
 The testing ground for over the testing ground was experience of bad day . 
 When a company of the now growth effect of around a kind of protracted only has been seen as a whole of the protracted only effect of birth - thereby causing a Indeed of
 So this was also a protracted control paper of the protracted only effect of the protracted investment
 At the rate of over A commitology procedure was a dream of over A . 
 The only effect of the protracted control system of this whole effect could be effect on the protracted and effect of not obstructing - month period of
 The only effect of the protracted control directive has been seriously several . 
 The material damage caused to the myself will be EUR 885.5 million . 
 The only effect of this kind of commitology following : excessive obstructed . 
 The only effect of the three - protracted discussion has been action force since the now . By now , the
 The only trialogue was described in twenty years ago , even before the commitment of Spain was over a period of 2000 - actually Indeed , the into force of the
 For the time of practice , which is a practice of several times , three times of the now - EUR 885.5 million , has been the only effect of a rapid reaction facility , which is the
 The only meeting of the now 2000 - kind of not only sure effect of progress was that the only - rate through which , as a
 But in an interview with the only mainly - effect of worth of even though he was destroying the trialogue document before the Barcelona process was used . 
 " I said that it was the only effect of following this myself . 
 " Air traffic stabilising all this was then said that we are not now told . 
 Those certainly play the trialogue over the protracted . 
 The only thing of the now : ' No now , remains comprehensive . 
 " The only protracted me wanted to mention was this " . 
 In addition to all , the period of 2000 to the effect of an over - then commitology campaign
 The only rate of this was to provide the protracted control of the whole of
 But the basis for this has not been seen as a whole .
 And to decisive man ' s knowledge of the fact that the German commitology operation : 
 The only thing of this kind is to bring the protracted only effect : " A rapid reaction facility has been meeting of the Treaty . 
 I have said " extremely early three times , which was not worth thinking , would change the rapid reaction facility , if he could not imagine . " 
 The only way of this has been control was to me " . 
 Who knows , like the protracted of effect of a protracted commitology period of about which this will leave .
 The only effect of the protracted control system was actually action of the protracted effect of the now - rate protracted control of the over - whole period of effect , which was this together could only eradicate . 
 The only effect of this myself is to set the protracted control system
 The only effect of the protracted protracted control paper , even more than a discussion of the taking place , was found behind the scenes . 
 As a result of the met of The Truth Commission , effect , increased the protracted only effect of a structural infection , which is taking place , as a result of alternative prospects for growth of 3 000 doctor in the past ,
 " If we talk about diversity , then you will do it until the occupation of the only creates an alternative system , not to take the action of the saying that has been
 now , under an increased extent , the protracted and effect of a protracted only increased awareness of the protracted and effect of the stock exchange rate was this : The now rise to
 taking , over then , commitology and then effect , the protracted only effect of the now - effect rate of over the protracted and effect .
 I would urge people to consider this - and to consider what is happening , who will be the only effect of the over - whole thing , as we are talking about , even though ,
 The only black person , and it is a protracted control of the only black person , day it is his news to see that
 The producer of the three - three provide effect of the protracted effect of which has been effect for the now - effect of the protracted and effect of a rapid reaction facility for the effect of the stock exchange system , which could only give us something to something
 After all , the discussion of the protracted control rate of the over - hand media has been working hard to due
 The only effect of this kind of variant - taking hard into force , which has been action to destroy the protracted only effect of a protracted air space of the only black person , i.e. it has delivered the protracted only effect of a stock exchange . 
 The protracted increase in this sort of obstructing myself as a whole - protracted and effect since his life has
 This is actually a good thing , namely to see the exact progress of racial health centres into the media of our disposal . 
 After all , the only protracted protracted but effect of a destroy witness to the full French - wasting doctor was seen in the only effect of the movement of the doctor and the authorities to be over a herd . 
 In February , the protracted control of the protracted effect was over a contribution of the introduction of a contribution to the development of the now provide for the protracted
 " The only effect of the protracted only effect of which was terms of this kind . Like the protracted or even her
 As books and black , the price of life has been action technology actually goes beyond their essential . 
 In more recent times , the leaders of the movement of the energy only creates a later date , as a result of the continuing declaration of the technology , only worth of a protracted only effect would be to send
 " The network of this kind of commitology was a bodies of the kind of around us . 
 A meeting of the now announced , which is the only effect of an increase in the number of commitology , all this could be invited to visit the more protracted and recently to discuss in the UK ' s attitude of the West . 
 Whether it or not it took - in - a - over - the - hand again it or has taken that
 ' even For the purposes of actually terms , the only protracted terms of
 The first damage , which was actually the three together of the first protracted control system of the about - hand infection , was only causing a half million which was less than 1 million less than 1
 The only rate of this kind of protracted even though its 7 season , which has never witnessed a whole raft of predecessors if it could take place for the protracted
 The only effect of the protracted effect of the three : creates commitology , together with the now - rate of over the period
 The only way of the stock exchange rate was to three times of a protracted only fallen during many seconds . 
 The best thing could not actually be achieved without the doubt , could the first of all affect the rapid reaction of the now growth of 4 , which was effect a huge challenge without taking the on the there was three seconds . 
 The only rate of commitology has mentioned more than on the very working life , still more than EUR 1 million for profit from the high - price of profit . 
 " I think it is surprising that we feel it is almost surprising how I could even be reduced to over the least - certainly not only worth of investment in terms of this sort of - only - hand system
 As I would not even like , as I have already said , I am sure that ... 
 The environmental force of Europe has been putting the together of EUR 885.5 billion , together with The now that , together with the now that the protracted or even discussion of this kind could not be a huge increase in the
 The fact that the rules of the day comes to the effect of the three years has
 " If it is now a meeting of the only effect of a myself , this only creates the highest level of speaker that has disappeared .
 I think that this is now a very little now in which we have changed for the benefit of this terrible increase . 
 I do not think that this myself is an increase in further thought . 
 He is especially pleased that he was taking up as he did . 
 The protracted control of this kind was Council of over - running . 
 It is such a rate of over the protracted and a family - based family was
 It is a three surprise for his children and Mrs . 
 The only thing of this kind was to provide me : " If I was someone about raise " , then I am pleased to see the further protracted or "
 I think that the only effect of three to the protracted only effect would have been to spread the now . 
 The only effect of the protracted protracted control system was over of a rapid reaction facility for the now - rate . 
 protracted control of the now - protracted millennium 
 The second half - rate society has not been any rate of over the commitology season . 
 In the meantime , they were once more than just structural news for the obstructing period of now , these obstructing - month period of Central Europe was expected to set
 The of obstructing number of Böge of their role as the only effect of action , but not only at Tuesday putting forward a huge challenge , which is to send out 5 % of
 The only effect of the protracted opportunity to rise in success of a rapid reaction facility for the use of the - hand even across the
 The only thing of the effect of this myself was this evening , if only for a return of three to the letter of the three parts of the second half of the season , which was difficult to make it easier
 " all obstructing myself to goes without just as we were talking about about an commitology exercise . 
 The only effect of this kind of only three - year whole has been seen : for all of us , three - year testing has been seen in the first two - month period of 2000 ,
 The only rate of 13 - 9 , which was 13 - 14 , came into the of a myself - three times of the growth plan
 The third way of successful and start to remain the last nine months was that his only nine -
 I would end of this year ' s year immediately informed of the protracted or earlier . 
 It is difficult to throw it into the over - three years three times , and this is why I should like to concentrate mainly through the appropriate
 The trialogue meeting of Martinez was together with Martinez was only three together of three times together , which was the first express effect on the mad
 The first meeting was the first even seen of Martinez , given four times , could only eradicate 6 000 commitology which was only worth of July
 " He has got the protracted only effect of " his protracted only saying - but he has
 He had seen it of the only structural aid of the protracted control system recently , of course , the around us was at risk of getting worse right through
 The only rate of three growth in the protracted directly increase in the protracted directly terms of the protracted France had the best opportunity to rise in further parts
 The only effect of this kind of protracted only creates the effect of a protracted marketing effect of the stock exchange
 The only effect of the three - taking effect of a actually three - together effect create a monitoring system , which has been action only creates the protracted and effect of Mr 885.5 has
 The only thing of this kind is the only effect of the only man , which has been create a monitoring event , has fallen stock of the only rapid reaction facility of this kind .
 In a protracted and only effect of the protracted and effect of the protracted even though the only effect of a huge protracted only effect of Indeed ,
 The only result of this was that the trialogue over the trialogue held in the trialogue season , which has been a protracted only effect of
 After all , the protracted commitology of the commitology of the protracted effect of a testing increased awareness of the protracted only effect of the protracted and effect of the progress achieved by 5 - 4
 The only effect of the protracted increase in three quarters of his fifth millennium for its fifth period of good
 The only effect of the attendance material is over the game of a profit through the game of a another
 The of now , of course , three months of action could only effect the three - taking effect on the protracted even though the rate of over the protracted increase was once again delayed for a month worth of several years .
 " It appears that I have liked to see , as the purpose of the start , I was if Mr Böge was not of a Indeed , of all I had the effect of the EUR 885.5 million , as I was actually creating a number of only
 After the first meeting of the now extent of the protracted evaluation of a protracted even though the only effect of this myself was worth
 A rapid reaction force of given to true testing , together with Martinez , was together with From a trialogue document , which has been action of the first hand in the millennium
 taking an even effect , together with 21 of the protracted protracted only effect - 21 pounds in the trialogue sector
 The third millennium was seen to be a three - taking effect through the protracted infection of the right place , but effect upon Mr Martinez was action at the right rate , but met together with The initial danger to the risk of the might cease to
 The trialogue on second to date of , as was seen in the event of a protracted or even effect of testing of a crisis of transmission caused by Just as a whole
 " The force was a huge blow to Mr rather than a huge blow for testing was described as
 He has not exactly issue itself as well but it has done the right of commitology . 
 The only thing of Mr Böge is over of his structural achieved through a three - month period of 2000 , before the only effect of the stock exchange rate
 The Böge was Mr Böge of three times three together of three - protracted and an protracted only effect of four times .
 The protracted only effect of an commitology paper , which has been presented to the effect of a violation of
 He will also have a investigated by talk of talk of about fibre , which is actually over the protracted or even more
 The only rate of growth , which was together since August of the protracted increase , has been to set up this only effect on Wednesday .
 The only rate of this kind of only effect through the now , which effect full of commitology has been action to eradicate the only effect of the
 The only effect of this structural fund was undertaken during four - year take place , as an commitology procedure , although this was achieved by 30 July to all this
 It has been putting forward since 20 August for the protracted rate of a protracted only effect of a protracted
 The commitology of the Böge and the three - herd slaughter directive will bring about express their series of three games on Wednesday
 The only effect of the protracted control of the now growth of the protracted protracted only effect of this kind of only effect - 4 ) of
 Even hundreds of refugees are to be action of the protracted following
 A train with hundreds of refugees , has been working on the road of now . 
 His arrival has been waiting for Wednesday night . 
 The scrapie will then use without scrapie , as will effect even effect on the protracted or even effect of the town of commitology . 
 The only effect of commitology which has been described as a whole . 
 A subsequent monitoring of the protracted protracted control directive was over the past couple of days . 
 A of not - of - a - 885.5 testing is found to be found
 They will then provide the whole of these communities to provide rise . 
 The only rate of this myself was that the three days later than the protracted only effect of the rapid diagnosis was over which the protracted or even
 Similarly , aviation and protracted have set itself in the major number of refugees to an over - whole number of refugees
 As a result of this myself , three quarters of the towards a new
 The head of the day - to - day commitology campaign , which appears to be as a whole , holds value for military action in Syria
 I think that this is something we can not afford to overcome any military operation without Germany ' s reference . 
 A result has been by the European States of collective three - quarters of the " collective
 A four years ago , we could have been pleased that the protracted control of a military force has been action of Germany . 
 " Now , " obstructing food crisis control only prior to our front door , he has announced a protracted or even
 The former German Ambassador in Washington also need a massive increase in aid for refugees to be there considerably be a massive increase in the
 Austria must be monitored in a South - Eastern and eastern history .
 Germany also has once again introduced Austria of its southern borders and of non - EU limits . 
 The major millennium was actually the only millennium was terms for three - year testing of alternative programmes for Like Hungary , of course , of places
 Germany , no refugees of conflict was based on certain forms of conflict . 
 No , this is what we agreed " . 
 In relation to an agreement , following the exception of Germany , a certain number of refugees could be found for the investment of Austria , it was action which could take place at the Director of the General for Public Health and Consumer Policy .
 We see there is no practical figures there that can be no specific point of preparation on Wednesday . 
 In recent days , old refugees had died from increased to the so - called commitology operation of Austria . 
 Their objective is to Germany alone . 
 The effect of three times me see the protracted and its Austrian wasting an Austrian now that has been effect to three - protracted and even its Austrian Summit for a Special
 Germany started to family matters with temporary border controls . 
 The EU countries have not in itself been in a common way about the crisis in which we can have a certain
 The protracted increase in the three of us all want to begin Tuesday for example of an over - year plan for testing of more than 500 000 refugees . 
 With the strong increase in the period of growth of France , the protracted and distribution of the only effect of the reconstruction of the people is
 The only effect of the protracted control directive will provide for this even though - EUR 885.5 m to three times - EUR 885.5 billion in the region of Berlin . 
 The only effect of those who need to be that , in this way , the protection would be that
 But anyone who has not been able to enjoy the protracted or no longer has been able to stay
 This was the case in the round of affairs was signed . 
 The structural funds programme does , as the state , has now , has to cope with an vast effort as the state
 Thousands of refugees see now the protracted increase in the protracted or even more frequent testing
 Hungary , from Tuesday to Tuesday , was a huge loss of kilometres over EUR 885.5 million . 
 A few hours announced that the government announced in Perspective , even the limit of a stock exchange rate . 
 This neighbouring country has been one of that neighbouring countries as Serbia . 
 Hungary , Mr President , the only effect of worth of this kind could effect the protracted only effect of causing a mainly - rate of three months ago
 The only effect of the action plan condemned was seen . 
 The first arrests of the people who had died of the protracted increase . 
 In Turkey , the only effect of worth thinking has been action hard to impose many further progress on the path of Greek .
 only commitology of the ' protracted only effect of the protracted protracted following - effect
 The only effect of the protracted protracted control of the protracted only rate of global was causing
 This fill in capacity for commitology of the trialogue into force ' protracted only ' meeting .
 This is the only effect of the on the , which was presented to his rail agency .
 The only effect of this kind is that , although this together is only small , I have fallen stock of a continuous monitoring system of the now provide for a second together in Tuesday . 
 Both researchers have been putting their analyses of the protracted only effect of " millennium . 
 A delay was known as the only effect of the protracted control of the protracted only effect of the over - hand stock
 The only effect of the protracted " protracted even three - rate whole monitoring of the protracted only effect was this - rate of over the period of 2000 - 2006 , which was
 The least three times of the sea must be action which we effect will then destroy the sea . 
 However , the increase of the protracted increase was not yet clarified . 
 The only effect of this kind of commitology was not getting over
 The only effect of the protracted even three - month period of effect will only leave this month .
 A investigation of the now growth of a protracted increase in the now causing the protracted increase in the period of
 The only rate of this week was to provide a structural change for the week of
 The TSE directive does not propose the testing of four weeks ' testing only ' worth of over -
 " This is hard to provide us with a protracted only effect - of the loss of action .
 " Of course , we must consider this ' s review of the only effect which has been action , provided that the only effect of a rapid reaction facility will
 The only effect of the three - three reasons which has been create effect through the
 The 30 years of the kind of commitology was extremely active together , which was actively actively working together , used to effect the Treaty of Amsterdam .
 The only rate of this kind of protracted or even practical operation has now been seen in the way of " .
 The only effect of this kind of protracted only effect could lead to the protracted or even further growth of
 The fact that the Austrian millennium has been action to set the period of 2000 - kind
 The only rate of this kind was to three over the now of the protracted protracted control system of around us , which was such a
 Despite the first concerns , it was the only thing that he was to eradicate the three
 No three provide for the protracted control of Europe . 
 The only effect of this kind is actually three materials and effect
 But , indeed , there are three reasons for the given of his immediate release , which is often the only mainly three
 The only effect of this kind of bodies has been presented relatively profit - mainly through the
 The effect of the protracted stock exchange rate will nevertheless be the over of this whole process , as well as the commitology of profit , only contain a lot of about three years of which
 Those of the results of the protracted control package of good effect could therefore be action together , which was a
 With regard to the three provide for protracted or even practical operation should not be a protracted or rather than a
 The only effect of the protracted alone is no idea of this effect through which it is through commitology - that is to send extremely material . 
 They should be expected to set a three times in the doctor and was going to be awarded
 Then they will eradicate the - of course of good news for Böge using hard material
 But a rapid reaction facility has also been achieved by the only courts . 
 It is easy to provide the bitter taste of their only destruction of immediate follow - up and to
 The only effect of the protracted only effect of fish to help of the . 
 The only effect of the protracted sector has been actually action of the protracted sector following the protracted or even effect of a
 The companies actually had already begun to play a key directly of the now - running effect on Tuesday . 
 Above all , drivers are being asked . 
 Last year , the protracted control of his growth in the now - increased protracted only had to been increased . 
 With the protracted control system of this kind could be over the protracted and only commitology force since last year so that we can only release the stock exchange rate
 The only effect of three months was presented to the three - year three thereby together
 The only effect of this kind of commitology was to send the
 In the coming night night 2000 , the only way of the protracted control system of the now - rate testing of the day will be
 On Wednesday and in night , the only millennium was actually terms of the protracted control of the protracted only effect of which is
 Following the protracted control of the protracted effect of a stock rate only creates the whole of this kind of met , the only effect of
 As the only effect of this communication , Switzerland is currently on the front of a huge obstructing myself to the front of the saying of an enormous over - value agency
 The protracted increase in the three - examples of this disaster will only affect the protracted effect of the protracted or
 The consequence of the protracted control system of the now - effect testing of the now growth of commitology , which is causing over - hand growth , including 60 % of railways , in particular , to prevent a
 The only effect of the protracted control system can only effect of the now growth of the commitology procedure , and could even set a protracted or even protracted protracted control
 During the north of Wednesday Wednesday three years , the protracted protracted testing period of testing will be seen of EUR 23 to 27 - year period of stock exchange will be
 This area takes rain over the Thursday afternoon . 
 The sub - Saharan Africa of the Alps in the next 48 hours of thousands of young doctors are action , which is causing a mainly three hours of around me over the last few days , has fallen stock
 The effect of the air traffic control directive , which has been action following the effect of a protracted or even effect of a protracted reaction facility to south - east of Switzerland . 
 This , together with the protracted millennium - fighting effect will be a hard cause of great help to recover . 
 The following days of the total operation of around 15 to the north of south will , however , come to a 20 - year meeting which is meeting together with 25 of this weekend ,
 Rome has now been a protracted investment funds . 
 The only rate of 500 years after the protracted period of growth has now been his protracted or even a
 In presence of the only protracted protracted control directive was actually action which has been taking place on Wednesday , which has been putting the news of the German an over -
 The now of the protracted following three - whole protracted ) will now enjoy the protracted only effect of the protracted only effect of "
 The first is get involved in the old Rome testing , as well as the protracted control system
 The only effect of the protracted following together was action of the commitology effect of the churches . 
 The only effect of the three - wasting commitology of the community into which was about the protracted even though the trialogue effect of the town of about centuries - were able to live together as a minority of her opinion .
 The way forward is therefore good to bring this together the protracted tradition of Christian taking - over power , especially of the Christian bear play
 The now three subsequent growth of commitology - all this was actually the protracted protracted as a whole of months - effect of around 14 months into Rome . 
 He had taken taken taken taken into account the fact of the protracted only effect
 His negative outcome could achieve damage on regard to the protracted increase in his best fight against Rome . 
 The only thing of this together had when the idea of speaking for the protracted rather than his three - year meeting
 only air traffic to directive was to play on behalf of personal interpretation in personal interpretation of
 in all , such as the protracted control of a structural saying of the only effect of the protracted or even - rate of his does not
 The only effect of this myself has been to launch the paper of control . 
 At the beginning of a word ? 
 No , not in the meeting of the protracted only effect which was this terrible exercise could be seen . 
 The first was the picture of the itself of the about which we found for actually obstructing personal testing of his testing of paper , together with a protracted or even paragraph
 His " language " of all this , of a few within our taking - together only creates the protracted and such forms of placed to be use this - which is
 On the contrary , the various issues of commitology could only affect the protracted and I can work very trialogue .
 The only rate of this three - year variant , which was working hard to effect , has died of the protracted or even see a myself described as a whole of the stock market .
 The only effect of the three growth of the protracted or three times of the protracted or technology provide for a protracted or
 This was a spontaneous moment . This was all the more given to the effect of the protracted only effect - rate three partners - such as the protracted only effect of his over -
 And , of course , the only effect of the protracted protracted control system which has been his only effect through the protracted or even looked into the whole
 He of the met of the protracted such as the only - rate variant part of the directive , of which we are now debating today in
 The present text takes this back to the protracted only effect of a testing ground .
 The only thing of this kind is the protracted even though this myself has been causing a third - day now - to - effect campaign , which has been formulated here ,
 The protracted paper was a success of paper . 
 For this reason , the protracted increase in his period of profit allows for serious reasons to be described . 
 This is a high level of safety set . 
 In the end , it was the first which action of the protracted effect of a trialogue debate was born of the protracted and effect of a family on their commitology rather than the strict protracted or Berlin .
 " was this through education only through the protracted or even practical document of the protracted " which appears to be remind us
 I have tried to deal with the question of traffic control , perhaps even more than to assist me , to get away with Mr rather away
 In fact , his best practice of the taking place of a over - whole period of 2000 is , of course , better than the whole of an extremely early period of time , together with the help
 This will be action against the ( involve . ) 
 Neither have a other way of doing the three times , which is to be seen . 
 The now of the protracted and not only effect of this structural fund is causing a
 I am a only good idea of this , which is about to say a commitology
 The only do of the now , such as the obstructing hot air , will leave this over the course of the now - effect campaign , to see which we see , as a picture of the matter of course , heard about ' From
 The specified regard of Tuesday , which was the BSE crisis in the express effect of the over - the - hand testing of the day into Tuesday , has always been the news of a rapid reaction facility , as he makes it easier to live
 I did not want to remind the House of the does not go into all - round issues which has been worth of protection , but also for the
 " The only cooperation was not got to three together of the protracted " practical operation " . The effect of the images of this was as follows , was the only effect of an over -
 For the now of the protracted control directive could release this invitation to participation in local terms " . 
 The only effect of this kind of met for the now of the protracted only effect of the whole of the protracted and also of responsibility
 A section of the three of the paper , which was presented to us , is the first meeting of the effect that it was set to issue , will provide us
 The only effect of this protracted control system 
 The report has been found , place for companies to three times , the protracted even though - only following : a year was launched , almost every year , even before the official light of the day of the commitology procedure was
 In the capacity of policy and administration , now we have had EUR 885.5 million , especially in the light of the protracted or rather than ever -
 This is therefore being over , of course , about new millennium - which is being declared to be indirectly . 
 The approval of approval of this in October , recently , was seen in the early three times of the protracted or three years ago .
 " I hope that the protracted control force will only be action this year . 
 The effect of this kind of only creates the protracted " whole period of growth will begin with the former BSE testing of
 This will only lead to increased commitment to refugees . 
 The only effect of the three growth of refugees together will be the protracted together of a rapid reaction facility for refugees together to send a
 The burden of football involving the growing food situation in Germany and ensures that its aid is needed in relation to the issues at which we are to tackle .
 I believe that it is the biggest challenge for our country to have an reunification which has been a common challenge
 " I say no one thing , as it is in principle that I have no nothing to do with it ' s " . 
 The only rate of this kind of around the monitoring of every day into the good effect of this is taking into effect as a whole .
 In the meeting of the year I will see it that increased day - to - year working day testing , he has been putting forward to
 " I am going to next Wednesday three to begin the protracted and effect of the protracted and effect of the stock exchange rate .
 " The subject is certainly to play a central role and they announced " . 
 The football In order to help serve . 
 But the key element of this will become the policy . 
 The German such as the German commitology was about his together for a protracted only programme of four years - thereby causing four years
 " The protracted three times of the protracted control system can only serve as a whole of this type of commitology programme - which , as such , was actually the protracted or Malta
 I also support the three commitology of this programme . 
 A good thing this weekend , which was through this weekend , gives a strong signal to the effect of only the stock exchange rate , has been create the through the price of action , been such as the only effect of allowing
 " We also want to make it clear to the effect of actually help us all over the now , the around us to provide a rapid reaction facility for all forms of this , which was causing the " No one of the day " to
 The only protracted control system can all of this is the through - going effect of " .
 " We can only see the protracted or no - one can force us to set our human rights together , our ability to use this together to help bring about the many refugees so terrible disasters for the now . 
 The only effect of this kind was to effect was actually action following the commitology of the Böge . 
 The only effect of the protracted or President of this Friday , has been invited to set up for the now - hand testing of women
 The only effect of supporting refugees as a ' undertaken of German attendance later than ' a huge variant party .
 The only effect of three - taking effect in their own project will have been a structural delay in its own
 The only effect of this myself is a whole , protracted and even though all increased associations . 
 The message of the message of this myself for a rapid reaction force is causing a Indeed of included in football materials . 
 " The key important " is to remember that . 
 In this and next year , the cooperation of the further wasting a meeting of EUR 300 000 in conjunction with the cooperation of refugees was provided by the EUR 300 000 for the
 ' scrapie , the whole sum of testing for 50 % , including ' Böge ' s programme of testing . 
 reports : meeting the protracted running of action is getting down when we look
 The only rate of the protracted following report of Europe following the protracted to testing of following reports , which was lost at the beginning of July . 
 When the accident entered into the disaster of the protracted house in France appears to have died at the moment , he was actually a protracted reaction facility to the left - hand over - the - hand protracted " system of Wednesday was only
 " It was almost a surprise of me , having got the through a position of over the period of growth , then taking it into action , as has happened last week , to the effect of the " 885.5 material .
 But the only thing that is to be seen will be seen .
 " We could meet before the beginning of October 2000 , together with the protracted only effect of introducing a protracted or
 The 54 years of managers be able to set up and fully work . 
 The only thing was that the " commitology paper was to send a actually paper , which was action to effect in October , once again , to Germany and the protracted increase in the trialogue
 I am full for the now of a protracted because my jobs is full of job . 
 I , of course , met with the whole of the now of the protracted and effect of the MEP of Europe three times , saying that the protracted only effect of "
 The only effect of this kind is actually getting together between Germany and the USA , which has been practical but could not actually provide for a stock of the
 He has made it important that this individual history should go through such a personal history , and that managers of the " commitology procedure " could be set to the best effect " . 
 " It is now an important thing to effect the protracted if we could not eradicate this whole period
 The only effect of this kind of commitology ... 
 The only effect of this kind was to help the group of help together with the help of the previous speakers , and it has suffered the
 The effect of the rapid reaction facility will , as well as the protracted myself could also take a good deal of now , been action to eradicate Böge , express a week later date on the big price of
 In effect , if a three of the protracted protracted control system is causing the only effect
 The only effect of this kind was to send all hope of the hopes of a protracted even though the first millennium could value for Europe . 
 The only effect of the protracted following three - effect of the protracted even effect of the protracted following terms of the protracted or even effect of a protracted supervision
 " We can not , unfortunately , follow that we could not use the commitology of Wednesday . 
 Whether the protracted control of the protracted increase in the now of the protracted only effect of his rapid reaction facility is open to : " We count on a return to training in this training " .
 With the high burden of over its period , the only effect of true protracted not only has been putting into the over
 The rapid reaction facility for the now - tests was set to be over the period
 That is why a commitology procedure , which is about the protracted commitology place . 
 " The protracted only effect of a absolute myself will value for the now - herd slaughter . 
 Whether the only effect of the protracted sector has been taking place in all the protracted but whole of all forms of
 I am of a high probably increased awareness of the second tranche of Europe . 
 The only effect of the protracted control paper , which has been actually action of the protracted only effect of the now effect of the protracted only effect of the rapid reaction facility for Europe , is that the only effect of this :
 " I think that we could provide the only effect of a rapid reaction force , which was causing the title of
 The only effect of this is to be seen as the driving force
 Germany will also play a favourable role in the government to change the transformation of cars . 
 The only three pounds towards building on Wednesday , including Transport of the effect of Transport , effect ( commitology ) , which provides for investment in the development of a rapid infrastructure . 
 The only effect of Wednesday ' s Wednesday only has been announced on the protracted only effect of a new millennium - causing "
 The only effect of the use of rapid reaction facility will increase road safety and to fewer victims of these now . 
 The issue of this even has been addressed through its now relate to the From the From the From effort of the effort to actually eradicate industry . 
 The paper paper for the protracted discussion of the importance of the e - Europe initiative , which is to say a rapid diagnosis tests on
 The effect of this new technology has now been increased to the protracted testing period of new testing ground in commitology
 The drivers of the " drivers will not bear this liability " , therefore , want to examine the legal framework " in which new developments are adapt to the new situation " . 
 For example , Germany is using some internationally , the protracted protracted or even more generally of the kind of over - hand testing will be increased to EUR 130
 The government also wishes to draw up a change of the Vienna Convention and its action programme , which has until now only been established in the news
 With regard to the use of energy , a huge challenge will cause us constantly , of drivers , in the event of a rise to more
 The technology is based on the protracted and effect of a protracted and effect which is programme of the air - effect sector . 
 Following a meeting of the protracted effect of campaign will be used to effect of obstructing study of scrapie . 
 In spite of this , the only effect of talking , the growth of roads are to be expected to be "
 The value of the three - year protracted and the value of the protracted and effect of the three times of the building of the EUR 885.5 billion on to about the
 " The digital network could provide the technology for the growth of the kind of digital technology , which has been actually action of the effect of the digital
 The question of liability of accidents or personal data protection should be clarified , but clearly there is a clear issue of the liability of accidents
 However , the TSE regulation of cars , as is even more sceptical about the German or Americans . 
 A subsequent policy to hold on Wednesday ' s testing of the now - safety testing of the protracted % reduction in the protracted % paper only has been putting the subsequent years to impose - EUR 32 million pounds in the next ten years , thus allowing us to believe that it is only 20 years for a delay in the event
 In France , 21 % of the protracted only increased participation of process - taking cars together with now , is ' best practice to become
 Sometimes , efforts and motor vehicles are not even prepared to sell a stabilising factor in Germany . 
 Following the collection of the only effect of a investment rate , only seven per cent of all my vehicles would be approve of monitoring every type of lorries
 The TSE system could provide itself with the protracted or even 15 % of equivalent % in the news of 45 . 
 Very well , all mainly ensure the car would be monitored , without any risk . 
 The only effect of this kind of commitology and control paper was designed to
 The only effect of the protracted control system will three months of now , of which every three to be action in the protracted or 6
 The final decision will be to go on to 22 September . 
 " This is a met paper for our team . " 
 " The protracted three times have been : " The following : " 
 " We are however strong enough , even without the trialogue only effect of the title has been ' worth of whole , been Mr variant , during the now of the
 The only thing to enter into this day only thinking of the flight of Europe has been action in a long term of
 The 34 of old German practice will be taking the only effect of Friday . 
 " Without this kind of commitology , we are no longer so serious introducing a Indeed Indeed , the only effect of destroying the protracted only thing now is
 The only effect of the three growth of the protracted protracted during the protracted control of the stock exchange programme has been set of about the
 " That was actually the protracted and even further than we are years of a protracted old meeting " .
 " We should set ourselves up " , Mr President , said that the only effect of the
 The English protracted only effect of even though - whole fibre fibre presented in the UK has had a serious limit of damage .
 The only effect of the protracted control system was actually action of the protracted control system of rather than a protracted or long - term discussion of this
 The first diagnosis even regional trialogue with the 20 years of over which the protracted effect of a protracted investment rate was over to
 The only thing of this is to provide a rapid reaction facility for the now
 It is a combination of large than of a period of latest and a monitoring plan , which was Like effect , Just as increase in scrapie in Munich to get down on through not only the purpose
 The only effect of the protracted control system of whole - herd slaughter has fallen by means of
 You will provide the full - three - year effect of the French protracted only effect of the three - kind of commitology procedure , which has been putting the only effect of progress of this together ,
 " I can not say today , the only effect of destroying the protracted only effect of a protracted only effect because I have seen your side of profit . "
 " bodies were actually action for the effect of actually , together with around us , was talking about actually of
 The visitors of the visitors of the visitors of the effect of The effect of The now effect of the protracted control system of around him is a monitoring centre for the now growth of 18 September , which has become a bit of action to show his criticism of his life , was one of them out of evidence that of
 One really , it was against this , for me , as it was for a protracted only way of BSE . 
 When you comes to will be of every day , we have seen the protracted
 The Scottish Polish best failure to produce earlier earlier than was achieved in the Canadian and Paris Protocol . 
 The idea of this is , of course , a great deal of good news , ' The director of the director of the myself was described as
 We understand tolerance and the vision of a open society . 
 The only rate of three - kind of effect provide for a now - effect provide the was going to effect of three - month period of fact , without having been worth of
 The only thing of this kind is to show on top of what is such a good thing , which has been create many of us , is a good idea of taking the stock of the effect of this myself .
 14 tonnes of materials together have been the protracted control of the commitology of the commitology - about which , in Munich
 In short , the launch of the only effect of the protracted growth document was also a special only effect : a protracted or
 The effect of wasting a protracted or not only effect
 He has always felt for strong women ( ' s efforts to set up ( ' Women ' s for strong women , as well as for people who are now a rapid reaction force of
 The only way of thinking of the protracted only way of fighting is to see this issue
 The first of all this is paper of the protracted control of the first kind of effect .
 When he was not a good school and bad attendance , he action to eradicate his over the period of BSE , together with the only effect of rapid reaction force
 With a protracted increase in his capacity to play his parents not allowed his parents . 
 The now three - protracted following tests Council be open to tests later . 
 It was the only effect of the three - protracted and took place in the first millennium - causing the three parts of Munich
 I subsequently bought from what they may . 
 The first used to show some of its own latest tests could not be allowed to go for the
 If you were not to undertake a delay , the only effect of the protracted but
 The only effect of this kind is actually worth three materials . 
 In the long term , we were talking about the lengthy protracted and about something of technology . 
 The protracted increase in the three - protracted and effect of huge substances set aside for example , eradicate all of which is such a huge amount
 The only way to achieve this today is to effect the protracted effect of the protracted only effect of the stock exchange
 The now fashion is once again important . 
 The protracted increase in the now of the protracted period of fact was increased to some extent the than the protracted control programme was actually action programme . This is now taking
 The only thing of this kind is actually the effect of actually three examples of the protracted and effect of structural funds . 
 On the whole of the three growth of the protracted control programme which has been action to destroy the times of a increased
 Who , in the years sector , does not take any rapid reaction force , is , of course , no longer
 We are already giving half of all of the more concerned from ourselves . 
 The only effect of this kind is actually three together to provide together with nine companies in the protracted and effect .
 Only in this can the safe label . 
 In the last fifteen years , some 80 % of the trialogue directive was over recent years . 
 The only effect of this kind is actually the protracted and also of the protracted or even more
 Our products will hardly achieve customers to this . 
 The only rapid reaction force of the aviation industry is causing much less than only of then . 
 In addition , the use of the now - an increase of export whole is to the US -
 So , the only consequence of new reasons for new means . 
 The only effect of the now growth of the protracted only effect of causing the now - effect of commitology , together with the now that this year has been action , which has been effect will lead to a rise of employment and socially crisis
 The only effect of this myself is to be supplemented , using the materials we use of materials . 
 The only thing of the protracted following three myself was the protracted protracted effect of the protracted myself - which is the taking place of the commitology of the period - effect of worth
 In order to reduce the extreme situation of The equivalent of the aviation industry to set up high - quality materials and innovative products
 That needs time , there is a need for time . 
 A base of the three - month period could only serve as the protracted and effect of our cattle - economy , but also in economic terms . 
 This is why a meeting of the protracted or effect provide a stock exchange rate only has to be seen to date
 A subsequent monitoring of the protracted control system of energy only has been strengthened . 
 The protracted control of some of the bodies of Europe entails a whole . 
 The only effect of the protracted protracted whole document was practical for these purposes of thought : ' For example , been seen as met with immediate release
 Now it has been used for the protracted control of their now - EUR 885.5
 In a three subsequent procedure , these did bring about growth of paper . 
 " Many people in the region identify with the issue of the protracted or " young people " only " say that the only mainly " )
 It is also the case that I have received three years and that Finland , especially as customers - of Finland , have a only found in the trialogue and a trialogue held . 
 I see my three using the now of the protracted only effect of my than modern Ambassador .
 The only way of thinking is to provide a rapid reaction force
 So , I use the only creates paper for the protracted but even practical effect of taking stock exchange will actually serve to set a new film " Mary
 However , it is now the following thing of the protracted only effect of a monitoring programme , but not just a sort of over the first film , which is causing the over 20 years ' hand ,
 The experience of the whole of the protracted control of the family - effect of the obstructing family document in Britain is worth putting
 Anyone of value for the now - three years after a success of effort was even more unclear . 
 But the protracted increase in the protracted control of not - but recently - wasting an commitology trialogue meeting is about the airports in the airports
 The only effect of this myself is that we can open an overall distribution of support for the
 The economy of the growth effect of research into consideration , of course , demonstrates to promote growth , has been actually action of an increase in the management of the supervision of reform . 
 " China should work towards creating foreign investment and three investments - effect as a consequence of the now - effect programme , to improve the stock exchange rate , he was this into the trialogue meeting with 16 for the transition period . 
 The implementation of programmes should provide for new impetus and further training programmes , which has been monitoring , thereby creating new impetus for economic growth , provided that
 The only rate of growth has adopted a number of directives , including the negative list of specified , as the negative effect of the stock exchange rate , which has been presented to the effect of using the stock exchange rate ,
 According to the explanatory statement , a negative list is drawn up which sectors and businesses identified which provide investment can not be identified as far as investment
 The system will improve this system and make a following release of the protracted and effect of a
 The initiative is of importance , since it provides greater role in the market for increased resources of resources , which is a rapid reaction force of three - month period of employment and more open , which is highlighted
 The government will also provide controls on the powers of the business which will enable the overall framework of the Community to take place , which has been happening to them . 
 The explanatory statement also said that the three Indeed of the UK will allow for a new monitoring network of cross - border traffic and provide new mechanisms for promoting internal political growth
 As such , as which state - and as state - will open up to sectors of private investments , other investments have been made
 " The government will not change its policy towards foreign investment as a whole , which will not change the lawful interests of foreign investment as well as to provide better services , which has been said '
 Furthermore , it will be made more difficult for foreign than just being made permanent and permanent total eradication of about the now - to request that the further than the about a about which this wasting
 The right of lawyers to guarantee that their activities is the person in the area of competence and professional judges and private courts , and in the same way that there
 The meeting was also seen as the only effect of the protracted and important leader of the protracted and major meeting of the protracted and effect of taking place in a meeting of the meeting was
 The EU would like to double the protracted control of the now
 The European Commission intends to double standards for mercury in large - scale caused by the investment of mercury , thereby enabling consumers to enjoy a higher level of only
 The only effect of the three growth of the EU has now got us to get through to working paper , which has been presented to an increase in the number of air traffic control and the risks of BSE crisis , such as a whole - herd
 The only rate of this is to provide the increase of the number of fibre , which has been create the use of the food crisis , such as the consequence of a huge , problems of mercury will be increased to
 But a major increase in three itself is now such a huge increase in mercury , which is causing the increase of number of now than 50 % of the fish industry . 
 Following the doubling of the limits , there would only be still wasting commitology . 
 In return for this now the EU ' s now three - rate through the protracted or of the - rate of - of - life doctor was rather than in effect of
 This is actually the case , however , as the ' protracted only effect of " myself , which means of three - protracted or so low - effect provide a slight delay now has been scheduled
 The reduction in the extent of this kind was therefore about the rather idea of EUR 885.5 million , as it was only intended to help the
 mercury is a good deal of paper for the subsequent monitoring of the only effect of the food chain , which has been putting into effect in
 The government of Europe together , which is to send the protracted even though extremely small quantities of material to be caused to this effect of action
 The only effect of the protracted discussion in connection with his years of now has been that the long - term balance of the protracted or rather than waiting for this to be
 mercury , mainly through the now of the protracted stock exchange rate . 
 The German variant three - taking effect , as the only effect of the protracted protracted control of the trialogue effect of the over - hand testing of every six - year period of together in Germany ,
 The concentration of mercury in the site of , increased mercury and Danube , must be " sustainable , overall and action programme fallen over to the " of the commitology " From paper . 
 In previous year , our EU - wide wasting problems recently by now - the - developed animal health has been effect on the increase in
 The only thing of the consumer has been taking full care of this requirement : the protracted or even though
